a(c)  Umpire’s interference occurs (1) when a plate umpire hinders,impedes or prevents a catcher’s throw attempting to prevent astolen base or retire a runner on a pick-off play, or (2) when afair ball touches an umpire on fair territory before passing afielder. (d) Spectator interference occurs when a spectator (or an objectthrown by the spectator) hinders a player’s attempt to make aplay on a live ball, by going onto the playing field, or reachingout of the stands and over the playing field. THE LEAGUE is a group of clubs whose teams play each other ina pre-arranged schedule under these rules for the league championship. THE LEAGUE PRESIDENT is the league official charged withenforcing these Rules, fining or suspending any player, manager, coachor umpire for violation of these Rules, resolving any disputes involvingthese Rules or determining any protested games. (League  President)  Comment:With  respect  to  the  MajorLeagues, the functions of the League President pursuant tothese  Rules  shall  be  carried  out  by  the  designees  of  theCommissioner of Baseball.   The Commissioner may designatedifferent officials to carry out different functions of a LeaguePresident pursuant to these Rules. LEGAL (or LEGALLY) is in accordance with these rules. A LIVE BALL is a ball which is in play. A LINE DRIVE is a batted ball that goes sharp and direct from thebat to a fielder without touching the ground. THE MANAGER is a person appointed by the club to be responsi-ble for the team’s actions on the field, and to represent the team in com-munications with the umpire and the opposing team.  A player may beappointed manager. OBSTRUCTION is the act of a fielder who, while not in posses-sion  of  the  ball  and  not  in  the  act  of  fielding  the  ball,  impedes  theprogress of any runner. OFFENSE is the team, or any player of the team, at bat. OFFICIAL SCORER.  See Rule 9. 00. Definitions of Terms1472018 Official Baseball Rules_2018 Official Baseball Rules  2/27/18  2:16 PM  Page 147
ORDINARY EFFORT is the effort that a fielder of average skill ata position in that league or classification of leagues should exhibit on aplay,  with  due  consideration  given  to  the  condition  of  the  field  andweather conditions. (Ordinary Effort) Comment:This standard, called for severaltimes  in  the  Official  Scoring  Rules  (e. g. ,  Rules  9. 05(a)(3),9. 05(a)(4),   9. 05(a)(6),   9. 05(b)(3)   (Base   Hits);   9. 08(b)(Sacrifices);  9. 12(a)(1)  Comment,  9. 12(d)(2)  (Errors);  and9. 13(a), 9. 13(b) (Wild Pitches and Passed Balls) and in theOfficial  Baseball  Rules  (e. g. ,  Definitions  of  Terms,  InfieldFly), is an objective standard in regard to any particular fielder. In other words, even if a fielder makes his best effort, if thateffort falls short of what an average fielder at that position inthat league would have made in a situation, the official scorershould charge that fielder with an error. An OUT is one of the three required retirements of an offensiveteam during its time at bat. An OUTFIELDER is a fielder who occupies a position in the out-field, which is the area of the playing field most distant from home base. OVERSLIDE (or OVERSLIDING) is the act of an offensive playerwhen his slide to a base, other than when advancing from home to firstbase, is with such momentum that he loses contact with the base. A PENALTY is the application of these rules following an illegal act. The PERSON of a player or an umpire is any part of his body, hisclothing or his equipment. A PITCH is a ball delivered to the batter by the pitcher. (Pitch) Comment:All other deliveries of the ball by one playerto another are thrown balls. A PITCHER is the fielder designated to deliver the pitch to the batter. The pitcher’s PIVOT FOOT is that foot which is in contact with thepitcher’s plate as he delivers the pitch. “PLAY” is the umpire’s order to start the game or to resume actionfollowing any dead ball. Definitions of Terms1482018 Official Baseball Rules_2018 Official Baseball Rules  2/27/18  2:16 PM  Page 148
A QUICK RETURN pitch is one made with obvious intent to catcha batter off balance.   It is an illegal pitch. REGULATION GAME SeeRule 7. 01. A RETOUCH is the act of a runner in returning to a base as legallyrequired. A RUN (or SCORE) is the score made by an offensive player whoadvances from batter to runner and touches first, second, third and homebases in that order. A RUN-DOWN is the act of the defense in an attempt to put out arunner between bases. A RUNNER is an offensive player who is advancing toward, ortouching, or returning to any base. “SAFE” is a declaration by the umpire that a runner is entitled tothe base for which he was trying. SET POSITION is one of the two legal pitching positions. SQUEEZE PLAY is a term to designate a play when a team, with arunner on third base, attempts to score that runner by means of a bunt. A STRIKE is a legal pitch when so called by the umpire, which:(a)    Is struck at by the batter and is missed;( b)   Is not struck at, if any part of the ball passes through any partof the strike zone;(c)    Is fouled by the batter when he has less than two strikes;(d)   Is bunted foul;(e)    Touches the batter as he strikes at it;(f )    Touches the batter in flight in the strike zone; or(g)   Becomes a foul tip. The STRIKE ZONE is that area over home plate the upper limit ofwhich is a horizontal line at the midpoint between the top of the shoul-ders and the top of the uniform pants, and the lower level is a line at thehollow beneath the kneecap.  The Strike Zone shall be determined fromthe batter’s stance as the batter is prepared to swing at a pitched ball. (For diagram of STRIKE ZONE see Appendix 5. )Definitions of Terms1492018 Official Baseball Rules_2018 Official Baseball Rules  2/27/18  2:16 PM  Page 149
A SUSPENDED GAME is a called game which is to be completedat a later date. A TAG is the action of a fielder in touching a base with his bodywhile holding the ball securely and firmly in his hand or glove; or touch-ing a runner with the ball, or with his hand or glove holding the ball (notincluding  hanging  laces  alone),  while  holding  the  ball  securely  andfirmly in his hand or glove.  It is not a tag, however, if simultaneously orimmediately  following  his  touching  a  base  or  touching  a  runner,  thefielder drops the ball.  In establishing the validity of the tag, the fieldershall hold the ball long enough to prove that he has complete control ofthe ball.   If the fielder has made a tag and drops the ball while in the actof making a throw following the tag, the tag shall be adjudged to havebeen made. A THROW is the act of propelling the ball with the hand and armto a given objective and is to be distinguished, always, from the pitch. A TIE GAME is a regulation game which is called when each teamhas the same number of runs. “TIME” is the announcement by an umpire of a legal interruptionof play, during which the ball is dead. TOUCH.   To touch a player or umpire is to touch any part of hisbody, or any uniform or equipment worn by him. (Touch) Comment: Equipment shall be considered worn by aplayer or umpire if it is in contact with its intended place on hisperson. A TRIPLE PLAY is a play by the defense in which three offensiveplayers are put out as a result of continuous action, providing there is noerror between putouts. A WILD PITCH is one so high, so low, or so wide of the plate thatit cannot be handled with ordinary effort by the catcher. WIND-UP POSITION is one of the two legal pitching positions. Definitions of Terms1502018 Official Baseball Rules_2018 Official Baseball Rules  2/27/18  2:16 PM  Page 150
NOTE:  Any reference in these Official Baseball Rules to “he,”“him” or “his” shall be deemed to be a reference to “she,” “her” or“hers,” as the case may be, when the person is a female. 