SECTION  1 0 –GAME FLOW  1 3  2 The puck striking or deflecting off an official does not automatically nullify a potential icing. When a puck deflects off an official and goes out of play, theensuing face-off will take place at the face-off spot in the zone nearest to where the puck deflected off the official.If a goal is scored as a result of being deflected directly into the netoff an official, the goal shall not be allowed.8 5 .5 Face-Off Location-Notwithstanding this rule, should an attacking playercause the puck to go out of play or become unplayable in theattacking zone, the face-off shall take place at a neutral zone face-off spot or at a face-off spot in the zone from which the puck left the ice, whichever is less advantageous to the attacking team.For a puck that is unplayable due to being lodged in the netting or as a result of it being frozen between opposing players, the resulting face-off shall be at either of the adjacent face-off spots unless in theopinion of the Referee, the stoppage was caused by the attacking team, in which case the resulting face-off shall be conducted in theneutral zoneor at the nearest face-off spot in the zone from which thepuck was shot, whichever gives the offending team the least amount of territorial advantage, unless otherwise covered in these rules.When theattacking team shoots thepuck towards the opponent’sgoal from inside the attacking zone and it hits the goal post orcrossbar and goes out of play, the ensuing face-off shall take place at one of theend zone face-off spots in theattacking zone.  When the same happens but the puck is shot towards the opponent’s goal from any other zone, the face-off shall take place at the nearest face-off spot in the zone from where the puck was shot.If, however, theattacking team shoots the puck into the zone and a delayed off-side isindicated, or if the attacking team contacts the puck with a high-stickor bats the puck with a glove and it then deflects off the goal post orcrossbar and goes out of play, the ensuing face-off shall be in theneutral zone outside the offending team’s attacking zone.8 5 .6 Minor Penalty–A minor penalty for delay of gameshall be imposed on a goalkeeper who deliberately drops the puck on the goal netting to cause a stoppage of play.8 5 .7 Verification of Time-Any loss of time on the game or penalty clocks due to the puck going out of play must be replaced. The Video GoalJudge may be consulted to ensure the time is accurately replaced.Rule 8 6 –Start of Game and Periods8 6 . 1 Start of Game and Periods-The game shall be commenced at thetime scheduled by a “face-off” in the center of the rink and shall be renewed promptly at the conclusion of each intermission in the same manner.8 6 . 2 Bench Minor Penalty–A bench minor penalty shall be imposed on either or both teams if they are not on the ice or can be seen proceeding to the ice to start the second, third or any overtime period when the intermission time on the clock has expired.SECTION  1 0  – GAME FLOW   1 3 3 At the start of the second, third and any overtime period, all players with the exception of the starting players must proceed directly to their respective players’ benches. Skating, warm-ups or on-ice activities by non-starters will result in a bench minor penalty fordelay of game to the offending team. When the visiting team must proceed by the way of the ice to their dressing room at the end of a period, they must wait for a signal from one of the officials before proceeding. Failure to wait for the official’s signal shall result in the assessment of a bench minor penalty for delay of game.8 6 .3 Choice of Ends - Home clubs shall have the choice of goals to defend at the start of the game except where both players’ benches are on the same side of the rink, in which case the home club shall start the game defending the goal nearest to its own bench. The teams shall change ends for each period of regulation time and, in the playoffs, for each period of overtime. (See Rule 8 4  – Overtime) 8 6 .4 Delays - No delay shall be permitted by reason of any ceremony, exhibition, demonstration or presentation unless consented to reasonably in advance by the visiting team. 8 6 .5 End of Periods - At the end of each period, the home team players must proceed directly to their dressing room while the visiting team players must wait for a signal from the officialto proceed only if they have to go on the ice to reach their dressing room. Failure to comply with this regulation will result in a bench minor penalty for delay of game. Players shall not be permitted to come on the ice during a stoppage of play or at the end of the first and second periods for the purpose of warming-up. The Referee will report any violation of this rule to the Commissioner for disciplinary action. 8 6 .6  Pre-Game Warm-Up - During the pre-game warm-up (which shall not exceed sixteen ( 1 6 ) minutes in duration) and before the commencement of play in any period, each team shall confine its activity to its own end of the rink. Refer to Rule 4 6 .9  - Fighting.  The Game Timekeeper shall be responsible for signaling the commencement and termination of the pre-game warm-up and any violation of this rule by the players shall be reported to the Commissioner.  Twenty ( 2 0 ) minutes before the time scheduled for the start of the game, both teams shall vacate the ice and proceed to their dressing rooms while the ice is being flooded. Both teams shall be signaled by the Game Timekeeper to return to the ice together in time for the scheduled start of the game. 8 6 .7 Start of Game - At the beginning of the game, if a team fails to appear on the ice promptly without proper justification, a fine shall be assessed against the offending team, the amount of the fine to be decided by the Commissioner. 8 6 .8 Start of Periods - At the beginning of the second and third periods, and overtime periods in playoffs (0 :0 0  on the clock), clubs must be on the ice or be observed to be proceeding to the ice. Failure to comply 
SECTION  1 0  – GAME FLOW   1 3 4  with this regulation will result in a bench minor penalty for delay of game. Before the start of the second and third periods (and overtime periods in the playoffs), the teams will proceed directly to their respective players’ benches. Only the starting line-up will be allowed on the ice. The visiting team will immediately place its starting line-up at the face-off circle, then the home team will follow, with the Referee allowing the home team to make a line change if so desired prior to the face-off. Skating, warm-ups or on-ice activities by non-starters will result in a bench minor penalty fordelay of game to the offending team.  No warm-up involving pucks on the ice shall be permitted for a goalkeeper at the start of any period. If, after one warning, this continues, the Referee shall assess a delay of game penalty to the offending team.  Rule 8 7  – Time-outs 8 7 . 1   Time-out - Each team shall be permitted to take one thirty-second time-out during the course of any game, regular season or playoffs. All players including goalkeepers on the ice at the time of the time-out will be allowed to go to their respective benches.  This time-out must be taken during a normal stoppage of play. Only one time-out, commercial or team, shall be permitted at any one stoppage of play. For the purpose of this rule, a commercial time-out is deemed an “official time-out” and not charged to either team.  Any player designated by the Coach will indicate to the Referee (prior to the drop of the puck) that his team is exercising its option and the Referee will report the time-out to the Game Timekeeper who shall be responsible for signaling the termination of the time-out. No time-out shall be granted following a face-off violation.No time-out shall be granted to the defensive team following an icing. When a penalty shot has been awarded to either team by the Referee, no time-out will be granted once instructions have been given to the player taking the shot and the goalkeeper defending the shot. No time-out will be granted during the shootout. No warm-up involving pucks on the ice shall be permitted for a goalkeeper or replacement goalkeeper during a time-out. If, after one warning, this continues, the Referee shall assess a delay of game penalty to the offending team.  Television commercial time-out guidelines are established by the League.  However, no commercial time-out is permitted after the scoring of a goal.  No commercial time-out is permitted after the calling of an icing infraction, except when a penalty or penalties are assessed that affect the on-ice strength of either team.