Chapter 80
ALARM SYSTEMS
GENERAL REFERENCES
Smoke and heat detection devices — See Ch.
152.
Alarm system franchise — See Ch. A284.
§ 80-1. Timing mechanism for audible alarms required.
After the enactment of this chapter, owners or lessees must equip audible
alarms with a timing mechanism that will disengage the audible alarm after
a maximum period of 15 minutes or provide police with the name and phone
number of a local resident with a key or code to silence the system. Audible
alarms without such timing mechanism shall hereafter be unlawful in the
City and must be disconnected by the owner or lessee within 60 days from
the effective date of this chapter.
§ 80-2. Automatic protection devices.
§ 80-3. Service to be available.
No automatic protection devices installed after the effective date of this
chapter shall be keyed to a primary or secondary phone line.
A.
Automatic protection devices that utilize voice recordings are
prohibited from being keyed to any primary, secondary, direct, leased
or designated trunk lines at the Linwood City Police or Communications
Department.
B.
The time for transmitting each digital electric or electronic message
shall not exceed five seconds.
C.
Within 60 days from the effective date of this chapter, existing
automatic protection devices in the City of Linwood shall be
disconnected from primary and secondary phone lines at the expense
of the owner or lessee.
D.
Each alarm equipment supplier who sells or leases an automatic
protection device which is keyed to a designated phone line or who
sells, installs or leases an alarm system in the City shall make service
available on a twenty-four-hour-per-day basis, seven days a week, for
repair of such device or system or to correct any malfunction that may
occur. Such service shall be made available for any person using an
automatic protection device or alarm system and shall be supplied at
the user's expense.
A.
At the time of installation, the alarm equipment supplier shall furnish
to any buyer or lessee using a repair service written information as to
B.
80:1
§ 80-4. Disconnection.
When messages or alarms evidencing failure to comply with the operational
requirements set forth in this chapter are received by the Police
Communications or Fire Department of the City of Linwood, and where,
upon investigation, a recommendation is made to the Chief of Police that
the automatic protection device or alarm system sending such message or
alarm should be disconnected in order to relieve the particular department
of the burden of responding to false alarms, the Chief of Police or his
delegate is hereby authorized to serve demand upon the owner or lessee or
his representative to disconnect the device until such time as it is brought
in compliance with the operational requirements of this chapter. The owner
or lessee or his representative shall have a period of seven days from the
date of notice to disconnect the device or bring it into compliance with the
operational requirements of this chapter. If the owner, lessee or his personal
representative fails to comply, this shall be deemed to be a violation of this
chapter. Thereafter, each day of violation shall be deemed to be a new and
subsequent offense.
§ 80-5. False alarms.
how service may be obtained at any time, inclusive of the telephone
number of the alarm equipment supplier or the agent responsible for
service. The buyer or lessee and the alarm equipment supplier shall be
responsible for having the device disconnected or repaired as quickly
as possible after notice that the automatic protection device is not
functioning properly. The same shall be true for alarm systems.
"False alarm" shall mean any burglary, fire, security or other alarm
utilizing central station systems and all alarms utilizing an audible
alarm system, caused by misuse, accidental activation, inadvertence,
negligence, lack of proper maintenance, any unintended or intentional
act of someone other than an intruder or by malfunctions of the alarm
device or other relevant or related equipment to which the police and/
or fire and/or rescue squads of the City of Linwood respond and which
is not the result of a fire, burglary or attempted burglary. When, upon
arrival at the scene, the investigation conducted by the fire, police or
rescue squad does not indicate evidence of a fire, burglary, attempted
burglary or request for rescue services, this shall create a presumption
of a false alarm. However, "false alarm" shall not include an alarm
caused by an act of God or a malfunction of the equipment beyond the
control of the owner or lessee thereof.
A.
Record of alarms. The Communications Department of the City of
Linwood in connection with the Police Department and the rescue
squad shall investigate all alarms and shall maintain a log as to each
owner or lessee and record therein the date and time of the alarm, the
nature thereof and the department responding thereto.
B.
C. Notice of contacts.
§ 80-3 LINWOOD CODE § 80-5
80:2
§ 80-6. Violations and penalties.
Owners and lessees of existing installations and the owners and
lessee of any installation of audible alarms made on or after the
effective date of this chapter shall provide, on a form prescribed
by the Communications Department of the City of Linwood, a list
of two names of persons to be contacted in the event of activation
of said alarm. The owner or lessee shall keep the list updated and
shall notify the Communications Department or its designee, in
writing, within three days of any change.
(1)
This section shall apply equally to owners and lessees of alarm
systems and any central monitoring station alarm company that
installs or monitors alarms for any Linwood resident or business.
(2)
False alarms.
Any person, corporation, partnership or other entity, whether
owner or lessee, who owns or controls a fire, burglary or similar
alarm or device in the City of Linwood, which causes six false
alarms in any calendar year shall be deemed to be in a violation of
the provisions of this chapter for each false alarm thereafter. Any
third person, corporation, partnership or other entity, not owner or
lessee of the fire, burglary or other similar alarm device in the City
of Linwood, which device causes five false alarms to be registered
on the master control panel of the City of Linwood in any calendar
year, shall be deemed to be in violation of the provisions of this
chapter for each false alarm registered thereafter.
(1)
For the first through third offense, both inclusive (sixth, seventh
and eighth false alarms in any one calendar year), a fine of $25
shall be paid; for a fourth offense (ninth false alarm in any one
calendar year), a fine or $50 shall be paid. Any subsequent offenses
shall be treated as provided in Subsection B of this section.
Penalties for the first through fourth violations may be paid through
the Violations Bureau.
(2)
A.
All others.
Any person, corporation, partnership or entity failing to comply
with the provisions of this chapter, upon written notice of violation
within five days of receipt of such notice, exclusive of Saturdays,
Sundays and legal holidays, shall, upon conviction, be punished by
a fine of not less than $75 nor more than $500 or by imprisonment
for not more than 30 days, or both. Each day of failure to comply
with the provisions of this chapter, after expiration of the notice,
shall constitute a separate violation.
(1)
Any person, not an owner or lessee of an alarm device, found guilty
of misuse, intentional false activation or continual false activation
shall, upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not less than
(2)
B.
§ 80-5 ALARM SYSTEMS § 80-6
80:3
Chapter 83
ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES
$75 nor more than $500 or by imprisonment for not more than 30
days, or both.
Continuing offense. Upon conviction, a violator, in addition to any other
penalty imposed herein, shall be given five days, exclusive of Saturdays,
Sundays or holidays, to either remove the alarm or bring it into
compliance with this chapter. For each day thereafter, a failure to do so
shall constitute a new and subsequent offense.
C.
Jurisdiction. The Municipal Court of the City of Linwood shall have
jurisdiction over this chapter.
D.
§ 80-6 LINWOOD CODE § 80-6
80:4
ARTICLE I
Licensing
§ 83-1. Purpose. [Amended 4-26-2017 by Ord. No. 5-2017]
By authority of the Revised Statutes of the State of New Jersey, the
provisions of this article are enacted to give effect within the City of
Linwood to the alcoholic beverage laws as set forth in Title 33 of said
Revised Statutes, hereinafter referred to as the “Act,” the rules and
regulations promulgated or to be promulgated by authority thereof and
pursuant to the referendum approved by a majority of the citizens of the
City of Linwood on November 5, 2002, which authorized the creation of
plenary retail consumption licenses which expressly prohibit the sale of
package goods and pursuant to the subsequent referendum approved by a
majority of the citizens of the City of Linwood on November 8, 2016, which
authorized the sale of alcoholic beverages at retail (package goods), for offpremises
consumption, from the principal bar room of such establishment,
in the City of Linwood in the County of Atlantic, State of New Jersey.
§ 83-2. Applicable statutes and rules.
All applications for license under this chapter and any license issued
hereunder and proceedings in connection therewith shall be subject to New
Jersey Statutes and the rules promulgated by Alcoholic Beverage Control
of New Jersey, and shall be subject to any other laws hereafter enacted
affecting said subject matters.
§ 83-3. Administrative authority.
§ 83-4. Issuance of license.
Pursuant to N.J.S.A. 33:1-19.1 and the Act, the City may, by resolution,
determine to permit the issuance of up to two (2) plenary retail consumption
licenses to the highest qualified bidders at public auction. The auction sale
shall take place pursuant to notice and procedures adopted by the City
and otherwise in compliance with the provisions of Title 33 of New Jersey
Statutes.
The Mayor and City Council of the City of Linwood, being the governing
body, shall constitute the authority for the administration of issuance of
the license under this chapter and shall forthwith report the issuance of
such license to said State Commissioner of Alcoholic Beverage Control.
A.
The City of Linwood Police Department is hereby designated as the
alcoholic beverage control investigation and enforcement unit. The City
of Linwood Police Department is hereby empowered to investigate,
inspect, search or examine any licensed premises as may be necessary
under the Alcoholic Beverage Control Law1 or rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.
B.
1. Editor’s Note: See N.J.S.A. 33:1-1 et seq.
§ 83-1 ALARM SYSTEMS § 83-5
80:5
§ 83-5. Petitions.
Any and all written objections and petitions filed protesting the issuance of
any alcoholic beverage license or the granting of a license transfer shall be
dated and signed.
§ 83-6. Classes of licenses.
There shall be only two plenary retail consumption licenses within the City
of Linwood. No other licenses are authorized without the amendment of this
chapter and the consent of the Alcoholic Beverage Control of New Jersey.
§ 83-7. Retail license quota; premises covered.
No more than one retail license shall be granted to any one person, and
such license shall cover only the licensed premises.
§ 83-8. Plenary retail consumption license. [Amended 4-26-2017 by
Ord. No. 5-2017]
The holder of the plenary retail consumption license may sell package goods
at retail, for consumption off of the licensed premises, from the principal
bar room of such establishment only.
§ 83-9. Plenary retail consumption licenses fee. [Amended
8-26-2015 by Ord. No. 9-2015]
§ 83-10. Qualifications for license.
No license shall be issued to any person, firm, corporation, group or
partnership not fully qualified under the provisions of said Act and said
rules and regulations. No person may bid for a license offered for sale by the
City pursuant to the provisions of this chapter unless and until such bidder
shall certify to the City, no less than seven days prior to any public sale, that
the proposed licensee has a legal interest in real property which as of the
date of the auction meets all the requirements set forth in §83-14 hereof. For
purposes of this chapter, a “legal interest” shall mean fee-simple ownership
interest in or leasehold interest in the proposed licensed premises where
such lease shall run for a term no less than the term of the license, and
such proposed licensed premises shall be designed to operate the proposed
licensed premises in compliance with the provisions of §83-14 hereof.
A. The annual fee for a plenary retail consumption license shall be $2,500.
The fee established in Subsection A of this section shall be increased
on an annual basis by 20% of the previously established fee or $500,
whichever is the lesser, and such increase shall continue until the
maximum statutory fee for the license is reached.
B.
§ 83-5 LINWOOD CODE § 83-11
80:6
§ 83-11. Term of license; proration of fee; renewal.
The license provided hereunder shall be for a term of one year from the
first day of July in each year, and all fees shall be paid in advance upon
presentation of the application. Fees for a partial year shall be prorated
accordingly. Provided an issued license has not been suspended or revoked,
and there have been no other violations or infractions of this chapter or the
Act, the licensee shall have the right to apply for a renewal of the license in
accordance with the Act.
§ 83-12. Suspension or revocation of license.
§ 83-13. Hours of sale. [Amended 5-24-2006 by Ord. No. 16-2006;
6-12-2018 by Ord. No. 10-2018]
No plenary retail consumption licensee shall sell, serve or deliver, or allow,
permit or suffer the sale, service or delivery of any alcoholic beverage on
licensed premises on any day between the hours of 1:00 a.m. and 11:00 a.m.
Sunday through Thursday and between the hours of 2:00 a.m. and 11:00
a.m. on Fridays and Saturdays with the following exception: on New Year’s
Eve of each year, at which time alcoholic beverages may be served until 2:00
a.m. New Year’s Day. However, the sale of alcoholic beverages for on-site
consumption only shall be permitted to begin at 8:00 a.m. on all days of the
week.
Any license issued under this chapter may be suspended or revoked
for violation of any of the provisions of this chapter or any of the
provisions of said Act or said statutes heretofore mentioned or of any
of the regulations and rules prescribed by said State Commissioner of
Alcoholic Beverage Control.
A.
Proceedings for suspension or revocation shall be in accordance with
the provisions of said Act, by service of a five-day notice of charges
proffered against the licensee, as provided in said Act, and by the
affording of a reasonable opportunity for a hearing, and such
suspension or revocation shall carry the penalties and prohibitions
provided for in said Act.
B.
§ 83-11 ALARM SYSTEMS § 83-13
80:7

ARTICLE II
Restrictions on Location and Operation
§ 83-14. Restrictions on location and operation.
The plenary retail consumption license shall be issued for the sale
of alcoholic beverages only in such facility or location meeting the
following minimum criteria:
The licensed premises shall be operated in conjunction with a
restaurant, dining hall or catering facility regularly and principally
used for the purpose of providing meals to its customers and having
adequate kitchen and dining facilities. [Amended 9-12-2012 by
Ord. No. 15-2012]
(1)
The restaurant, dining hall or catering facility may include
barrooms for use ancillary to the restaurant, dining hall or catering
facility use, but may not include any use as a nightclub or
gentlemen’s club. [Amended 9-12-2012 by Ord. No. 15-2012]
(2)
In the operation of the restaurant, dining hall or catering facility,
the sale of package goods at retail, for consumption off the licensed
premises, is permitted from the principal bar room of such
establishment only. [Amended 4-26-2017 by Ord. No. 5-2017]
(3)
Licensed premises shall meet all requirements of operation as
provided under the Municipal Code of the City of Linwood.
[Amended 9-12-2012 by Ord. No. 15-2012]
(4)
Licensed premises must be situated within a zoning district within
which restaurants, other than fast food services, are permitted
uses.
(5)
The design and plan for the restaurant must be approved by City
Council. [Amended 7-11-2007 by Ord. No. 17-2007;
10-22-2014 by Ord. No. 19-2014]
(6)
In the operation of the restaurant, dining hall or catering facility,
no vending machines, pool tables, jukeboxes, arcades or outside
entertainment shall be permitted. [Amended 10-22-2014 by Ord.
No. 19-20142]
(7)
A.
Such license shall be revocable for the discontinuance of the operation
of such facility in the manner set forth in Subsection A(1) of this section.
B.
Such license shall not be transferred except to premises operated in
accordance with the limitations and restrictions of this section.
C.
2. Editor's Note: Former Subsection A(8), which immediately followed this subsection, and
which, with respect to restaurants, dining halls or catering facilities, prohibited food
service or the consumption of alcoholic beverages outside of the licensed premises, was
repealed 10-22-2014 by Ord. No. 19-2014.
§ 83-14 ALARM SYSTEMS § 83-14
80:9
§ 83-15. Violations and penalties.
In addition to any other penalty permitted by New Jersey law or this
chapter, any person, other than licensees, who shall knowingly violate any
of the provisions of this chapter shall, upon conviction, be subject to a
fine of not more than $1,000. In addition to said fine, the court may, in its
discretion, impose a term of imprisonment in the county jail of a term not
exceeding 90 days or a period of community service not exceeding 90 days,
or both.
Any renewal or transfer of a license issued pursuant to this section shall
be granted subject to all the limitations and conditions of this section.
D.
§ 83-14 LINWOOD CODE § 83-15
80:10
ARTICLE III
Possession or Consumption of Alcoholic Beverage by Underage
Persons
§ 83-16. Unaccompanied persons under legal age excluded.
No plenary retail consumption licensee shall permit any patron who is
under the legal age to purchase and consume alcoholic beverages or to
be within any room in which any bar is located, unless said patron is
accompanied by a parent, legal guardian or spouse, provided that said
parent, legal guardian or spouse shall have attained the age at which a
person may purchase and consume alcoholic beverages. This section shall
not apply to the dining area of any bona fide restaurant whose principal
business is the service of food.
§ 83-17. False documents.
§ 83-18. Misrepresentation of age.
Any person who misrepresents his or her age to any police officer or
special officer of the City of Linwood in connection with the purchase and/
or consumption of any alcoholic beverages shall be deemed a disorderly
person.
§ 83-19. Transfer of documents.
Any person who shall permit the use of his or her documents by any person
under 21 years of age for the purpose of securing the purchase of alcoholic
beverages in the City of Linwood shall be deemed a disorderly person.
§ 83-20. Violations and penalties.
Any person who shall be charged with a violation of any of this article shall,
upon conviction in the Municipal Court of the City of Linwood, be subject to
a fine not exceeding one $1,000 or imprisonment in the county jail for not
more than 90 days or a period of community service not to exceed 90 days,
or any combination of the foregoing.
Any person under 21 years of age who shall attempt to purchase or
purchases any alcoholic beverages in the City of Linwood by the use
of false documents or representations shall be deemed a disorderly
person.
A.
Any person under 21 years of age who shall have in his or her
possession any altered or false documents for the purpose of
identification and/or establishing the age of said person shall be
deemed a disorderly person.
B.
§ 83-16 ALARM SYSTEMS § 83-20
80:11

ARTICLE IV
Consumption in Public
§ 83-21. Public consumption restricted.
No person shall consume or offer to another for consumption alcoholic
beverages in, on or upon any public street, road, alley, sidewalk, park or
playground or in, on or upon any land or building owned or occupied by
the federal, state, county or municipal government, including the Board of
Education.
§ 83-22. Consumption in places where public is invited.
No person shall consume alcoholic beverages or offer to another for
consumption any alcoholic beverage in, on or upon any place to which
the public-at-large is generally invited; provided, however, that nothing
herein shall be construed to prohibit the consumption or sale of alcoholic
beverages within the licensed premises of a plenary retail consumption
liquor license.
§ 83-23. Closed containers on public land.
No person shall have in his possession or possess any alcoholic beverage
in, on or upon any public street, road, alley, sidewalk, park or playground
or in, on, or upon any land or building owned or occupied by a federal,
state, county, or municipal government unless the same is contained within
a closed or sealed container.
§ 83-24. Closed containers at public gatherings.
No person shall have in his possession or possess any alcoholic beverage
in or upon any place to which the public-at-large is generally invited,
unless the same is contained within a closed or sealed container; provided,
however, that nothing herein shall be construed to prohibit the possession
of alcoholic beverages within the licensed premises of a plenary retail
consumption liquor licensee.
§ 83-25. Violations and penalties.
Any person who shall violate any provision of this article or fail to comply
therewith shall, upon conviction in the Municipal Court of the City of
Linwood, be subject to a fine not exceeding $1,000 or imprisonment in the
county jail for not more than 90 days or a period of community service not
to exceed 90 days, or any combination of the foregoing.
§ 83-26. Auction procedures.
The auction procedures shall be set forth in a resolution to be adopted by
the Mayor and City Council of the City of Linwood.
§ 83-27. License to be posted and displayed.
§ 83-21 ALARM SYSTEMS § 83-27
80:13
§ 83-28. Sale to intoxicated persons.
No licensee shall sell, serve, deliver or allow, permit or suffer the sale,
service or delivery of any alcoholic beverage, directly or indirectly, to any
person actually or apparently intoxicated or allow, permit or suffer the
consumption of any alcoholic beverage by any such person upon such
licensed premises.
§ 83-29. Special municipal and municipally affiliated events. [Added
9-26-2018 by Ord. No. 19-2018]
The prohibitions contained in this chapter shall not apply to the
consumption of alcoholic beverages purchased or distributed in accordance
with the approval and lawful issuance by the Common Council of the City
of Linwood of an alcoholic beverage permit for a special City affiliated,
nonprofit event; provided, however, that:
Before any licensee to whom a license has been issued shall start doing
business for the period of time for which the license has been issued,
the licensee shall enclose the license in a suitable frame having clear
glass space and substantial backing, so that whole such license may be
seen therein. The license thereupon shall be so posted and at all time
displayed in a conspicuous place in the main or principal room where
the licensee’s business is being carried on so that all persons visiting
such place of business may readily see the same.
A.
It shall be unlawful for any person holding such license, servant, agent
or employee to post the license or permit the same to be posted upon
premises other than the premise licensed or upon premises where
traffic in alcoholic beverages is being carried on by any person other
than the licensee, his servant, agent or employee.
B.
Such beverage shall be limited to beer or wine only and the beverage
or container shall have been purchased at the event or distributed by
the event sponsor;
A.
It shall be possessed solely for consumption on specified public lands
within the geographical boundaries of the location of the event or
within such more-limited area as may be prescribed by the terms of the
permit or the rules and regulations established by the event sponsor;
B.
It shall be possessed only within the time limits established by the
permit, which time shall be limited from 12:00 noon until 10:00 p.m. on
the date of the event; and
C.
D. All other conditions of the permit are being satisfied.
§ 83-27 LINWOOD CODE § 83-29
80:14
Chapter 86
ANIMALS
§ 83-29 ANIMALS § 83-29
86:15

ARTICLE I
Dogs at Large
[Adopted 12-13-1967 as Ch. 17, Art. I, of the 1967 Code]
§ 86-1. Running at large and biting prohibited. [Amended
10-8-1975 by Ord. No. 15-1975; 11-22-1978 by Ord. No. 14-1978]
§ 86-2. Seizure. [Amended 10-8-1975 by Ord. No. 15-1975]
§ 86-3. Notice. [Amended 10-8-1975 by Ord. No. 15-1975]
No dog shall run at large within the boundaries of the City of Linwood
at any time.
A.
No dog shall run at large and, at the same time, bite any person within
the boundaries of the City of Linwood.
B.
For the purposes of this article and chapter, the phrase "run at large"
shall be defined to mean any dog who is on property other than that of
his owner or custodian and who, further, is not on a leash or restraint
having a length of six feet or less.
C.
A. Any dog found running at large may be seized and detained.
Any dog that is running at large and bites any person may be seized and
detained.
B.
If any dog seized running at large in the City of Linwood wears a collar
or harness having inscribed thereon, or attached thereto, the name and
address of any person, or a registration tag, or the owner or person
keeping or harboring said dog is known, the Chief of Police or Chairman
of the Police Committee, or any person authorized by him in that behalf,
shall forthwith serve on the person whose address is given on the collar
or harness, or on the owner or person keeping or harboring said dog,
if known, a notice in writing, stating that the dog has been seized and
will be liable to be disposed of or destroyed if not claimed within seven
days after the service of the notice, which notice may be served either
by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be served, or by leaving
it at his usual or last known place of abode, or at the address given
on the collar or harness, or by forwarding it by post in a prepaid letter
addressed to that person at his usual or last known place of abode, or
to the address given on the collar or harness.
A.
If any dog seized running at large bites any person in the City of
Linwood and wears a collar or harness having inscribed thereon, or
attached thereto, the name and address of any person, or a registration
tag, or the owner or person keeping or harboring said dog is known,
the Chief of Police or Chairman of the Police Committee, or any person
authorized by him in that behalf, shall forthwith serve on the person
whose address is given on the collar or harness, or on the owner or
person keeping or harboring said dog, if known, a notice, in writing,
B.
§ 86-1 ANIMALS § 86-3
86:17
§ 86-4. Disposition of seized dogs. [Amended 10-8-1980 by Ord. No.
20-1980]
When any dog so seized has been detained for seven days after notice,
when notice can be given as above set forth, or has been detained for
seven days after seizure when no notice has been given as above set
forth, and if the owner or person keeping or harboring said dog has not
claimed said dog and paid all expenses incurred by reason of its detention,
including maintenance, at a fee as determined by the intralocal Animal
Control Committee, then the Chief of Police or the Chairman of the Police
Committee, or any person authorized by him in that behalf, may cause the
dog to be destroyed in a manner causing as little pain as possible.
§ 86-5. Violations and penalties. [Amended 5-10-1972 by Ord. No.
6-1972; 10-8-1975 by Ord. No. 15-1975]
stating that the dog has been seized and will be liable to be disposed
of or destroyed if not claimed within seven days after the service of the
notice, which notice may be served either by delivering it to the person
on whom it is to be served or by leaving it at his last known place of
abode or at the address given on the collar or harness or by forwarding
it by post in a prepaid letter addressed to that person at his usual or last
known place of abode or to the address given on the collar or harness.
Any person who shall violate this article as it pertains to a dog running
at large shall be permitted to pay a fine in the amount of $42 to the
Municipal Court Clerk through the Violations Bureau in the City of
Linwood. Any person who shall be convicted of a violation of this article
as it pertains to a dog running at large shall be imprisoned for a term
not to exceed 10 days or shall be subjected to a fine not to exceed
$100 for the second violation thereof and a fine not to exceed $200
for each and every subsequent violation, or both, in the discretion of
the Magistrate of the City of Linwood before whom such person is
convicted. [Amended 10-8-1980 by Ord. No. 20-1980; 3-14-1984
by Ord. No. 3-1984; 2-24-1993 by Ord. No. 3-1993; 3-23-1994 by
Ord. No. 3-1994]
A.
Any person who shall be convicted of a violation of this article as it
pertains to a dog running at large when said dog bites any person in
the City of Linwood shall be imprisoned for a term not exceeding 20
days or be subject to a minimum fine of at least $50 but not exceeding
$300, or both, in the discretion of the Magistrate of the City of Linwood
before whom such person is convicted. A subsequent violation of this
particular subsection shall subject said person to a prison term not to
exceed 25 days or to a minimum fine of at least $200 but not exceeding
$500, or both, in the discretion of the Magistrate of the City of Linwood
before whom such person is convicted.
B.
§ 86-3 LINWOOD CODE § 86-5
86:18
ARTICLE II
Barking Dogs
[Adopted 12-13-1967 as Ch. 17, Art. II, of the 1967 Code]
§ 86-6. Harboring of barking dogs prohibited.
No person shall harbor or keep any dog within the boundaries of the City of
Linwood, New Jersey, that habitually barks so as to disturb the peace and
quiet of the persons residing in said City.
§ 86-7. Violations and penalties. [Amended 7-9-1986 by Ord. No.
10-1986]
Any person harboring or keeping any dog that habitually barks so as to
disturb the peace and quiet of persons residing within the boundaries of
the City of Linwood shall be guilty of a violation of this article and shall be
subject to a payment of a fine in the amount of $25 for a first violation and
a fine in the amount of $25 and/or imprisonment not exceeding five days
for all subsequent violations. In the case of a first violation only, payment
of said fine may be made directly to the Municipal Court Clerk through the
Linwood Violations Bureau.
§ 86-6 ANIMALS § 86-7
86:19

ARTICLE III
Licensing of Dogs3
[Adopted 2-11-1976 by Ord. No. 1-1976]
§ 86-8. Registration and license required.
No person, resident within the City of Linwood, who is the owner of a dog
of at least six months of age, shall cause or allow said dog to be or remain
within the City of Linwood without first registering the ownership of said
dog with the City Clerk of the City of Linwood and without obtaining a
license for the harboring of said dog as hereinafter provided.
§ 86-9. Manner of registration; fees. [Amended 1-27-1982 by Ord.
No. 3-1982; 4-9-2008 by Ord. No. 6-2008]
Every person, resident within the City of Linwood, who is the owner of a dog
of at least six months of age, shall at least annually register said dog as to
sex, breed, name and address of owner and name of dog. The registration
of said dog shall be with the City Clerk of the City of Linwood, and said
registration shall take place on or before February 1 of each year. At the
time of such registration, said owner shall obtain a license for said dog and
shall pay a New Jersey State Pilot Clinic fee of $0.20, a New Jersey State
registration fee of $1 and a City license fee of of $9.80 for each unneutered/
unspayed dog and $6.80 for each neutered/spayed dog.
§ 86-10. License tag to be attached.
It shall be the duty of said owner of said dog to cause said license tag to
be securely attached around the neck of the dog and to be kept there at all
times during the licensing period.
§ 86-11. Violations and penalties. [Amended 8-8-1984 by Ord. No.
14-1984; 3-23-1994 by Ord. No. 3-1994]
Any person who shall violate this article as it pertains to the registering
of ownership and licensing of dogs in the City of Linwood, upon the first
offense only, shall be permitted to pay a fine in the total amount of $42 to the
Municipal Court Clerk through the Violations Bureau of the City of Linwood.
Any person who shall be convicted of a subsequent violation of this article as
it pertains to the registering and/or licensing of dogs in the City of Linwood
shall be subject to a fine not exceeding $50 for the second violation thereof
and a fine not to exceed $100 for each and every subsequent violation
thereof.
§ 86-12. Effect of provisions.
All of the provisions of this article shall remain in full force and effect.
3. Editor's Note: The title of this article was amended to read “Licensing of Dogs” 4-9-2008
by Ord. No. 6-2008.
§ 86-8 ANIMALS § 86-12
86:21

ARTICLE IV
Keeping of Cats and Dogs
[Adopted 11-13-1985 by Ord. No. 12-1985]
§ 86-13. General regulations.
The following regulations shall apply within the City of Linwood:
No dog or cat or any animal shall be sheltered or kept that is not
domesticated and permitted by the State of New Jersey.
A.
The quarters where cats or dogs are kept shall be clean and sanitary
and such as not to create a health hazard or disturbances by reason of
noise, odor or other causes.
B.
No person who owns, keeps, harbors or maintains any cat or dog shall
permit or suffer it to do any damage to any person, fowl or domestic
animal or permit or suffer it to do any damage or to soil or defile any
lawn, shrubbery, garden flowers, grounds or property other than that of
the person owning, keeping, harboring or maintaining such cat or dog.
C.
It shall be unlawful for the owner or custodian of any cat or dog to keep,
harbor or to have in his custody or control any cat or dog 12 weeks of
age or older for longer than seven days, unless such cat or dog has been
vaccinated with a rabies vaccine approved by the State of New Jersey,
Department of Health and the vaccination is not beyond the expiration
for such vaccination. After the initial vaccination, each cat or dog shall
be periodically vaccinated so as to ensure that the cat or dog has, at
all times, an effective vaccination approved by the State of New Jersey,
Department of Health. [Added 8-14-1991 by Ord. No. 13-1991]
Rabies inoculation receipts, issued by a veterinarian at the time of
vaccination, shall be carefully preserved by the owner or custodian
of the cat or dog and exhibited promptly upon request for
inspection by any animal warden or other law enforcement officer.
(1)
Rabies inoculation tags, issued by a veterinarian at the time of
vaccination, shall be affixed to a collar which shall be worn by
dogs at all times. For cats, the tag must be exhibited promptly for
inspection by any animal warden or other law enforcement officer
or designee thereof.
(2)
Any cat or dog found wandering off the premises of the owner
may be impounded and disposed of by any police officer or animal
control officer of the City of Linwood in the same manner as set
forth in §§ 86-2 and 86-4 of this article.
(3)
Any cat or dog found at large in the City of Linwood, exhibiting the
signs and symptoms of a rabid animal, may be humanely destroyed
by the animal control officer or any police officer of the City of
Linwood. Any animal so destroyed shall have its head removed
(4)
D.
§ 86-13 ANIMALS § 86-13
86:23
§ 86-14. Curbing of dogs.
Every person, whether he or she is the owner or custodian of the dog,
shall, when it is on the public streets or sidewalks, curb said dog so
as not to injure or damage any garden, flower garden, land, plant, tree,
shrubbery, grass, grounds or other property of any person and under no
circumstances shall allow any dog to defecate or urinate upon any lawn,
shrubbery, sidewalk, common thoroughfare, passageway, bypath, bike path,
play area, park or any place where people congregate or walk, or upon
any public property whatsoever, or upon any private property without the
permission of the owner of said property.
§ 86-15. Removal of feces. [Amended 6-20-1990 by Ord. No. 9-1990]
Any person owning or in charge of any dog which soils, defiles, defecates
on or commits any nuisance on any common thoroughfare, sidewalk,
passageway, bypath, bike path, play area, park or any place where people
congregate or walk, or upon any public property whatsoever, or upon any
private property without the permission of the owner of said property shall
immediately remove all feces deposited by such dog by any sanitary method
approved by the local health authority.
§ 86-16. Disposal of feces. [Added 6-20-1990 by Ord. No. 9-1990]
The feces removed from the aforementioned designated areas shall be
disposed of by the person owning or in charge of any such dog in
accordance with the provisions of this article.
§ 86-17. Exemptions. [Added 6-20-1990 by Ord. No. 9-1990]
The provisions of this article shall not apply to blind persons who may use
dogs as guides.
and immediately forwarded to the state laboratory in Trenton for a
determination as to the animal's infection with rabies.
Before issuing a citation for violation of this article, any police
officer of the City of Linwood or the animal control officer of
the City of Linwood may give an oral warning or issue a written
warning ticket. If a person or persons receiving the oral warning
or the warning ticket do not discontinue the violation, a citation
for ordinance violation shall be issued to the violator. If it appears
necessary to make an arrest to preserve the public peace or safety,
a police officer may make an arrest for violation of this article with
or without a previous oral warning ticket.
(5)
Each and every day a cat or dog shall remain unvaccinated or shall
fail to display for dogs or exhibit for cats a vaccination tag shall be
deemed a separate violation and shall be punishable as a separate
and distinct violation.
(6)
§ 86-13 LINWOOD CODE § 86-18
86:24
§ 86-18. Methods of disposal. [Added 6-20-1990 by Ord. No. 9-1990]
Sanitary methods for removing all feces approved by the local health
authority are mechanical devices such as pooch scoops, small shovels, etc.
The person owning, harboring, keeping or in charge of any such dog shall
have an approved device or sanitary method of disposal with him whenever
his dog is on public property. All feces shall be disposed of in a sealed,
nonabsorbent, leakproof container.
§ 86-19. Violations and penalties. [Amended 6-20-1990 by Ord. No.
9-1990]
Any person or persons violating any of the provisions of this article shall,
upon conviction thereof, be subject to a fine not exceeding the sum of
$50. Each and every day such violation continues shall be considered as
a separate and specific violation of this article. The penalties herein
prescribed shall apply to such separate and specific offenses.
§ 86-18 ANIMALS § 86-19
86:25

ARTICLE V
Feeding of Pigeons
[Adopted 3-27-1996 by Ord. No. 2-1996]
§ 86-20. Purpose.
It has been determined that the presence of large numbers of pigeons on
and around the streets and sidewalks in the City of Linwood causes a public
health nuisance in and around the City which is inimical to the health
and general welfare of the public. It has been determined that the acidity
of pigeon waste causes premature rusting and corrosion to the exterior
building parts such as roof flashing, fire escapes, gutters and downspouts.
The United States Army Environmental Hygiene Agency has reported that
pigeon droppings are an excellent growth medium for organisms of
potential human health concern, including but not limited to pulmonary
infections and fungal diseases. The purpose of this article is to prevent the
feeding of pigeons or creating any condition causing a congestion of pigeons
which results in an accumulation of pigeon droppings or damage to plants
or property or which results in the threat or nuisance to the public health,
safety or welfare.
§ 86-21. Feeding of pigeons prohibited.
No person shall intentionally feed, cause to be fed or provide food for
pigeons in the City of Linwood on lands either publicly or privately owned.
§ 86-22. Exceptions.
This article shall not be construed to prohibit humane acts towards pigeons
in individual cases, such as the temporary nurturing of a wounded bird on
one's own premises or the feeding of pigeons during severe winter freezing
of their natural food sources.
§ 86-23. Enforcement.
The Department of Police is hereby authorized and directed to enforce this
article.
§ 86-24. Violations and penalties.
Any person or persons violating any of the provisions of this article shall,
upon conviction thereof, be subject to a fine not to exceed the sum of
$50. Each and every day such violation continues shall be considered as
a separate and specific violation of this article. The penalties herein
prescribed shall apply to such separate and specific offenses.
§ 86-20 ANIMALS § 86-24
86:27

ARTICLE VI
Registration of Cats
[Adopted 9-10-1997 by Ord. No. 11-1997]
§ 86-25. Definitions.
As used in this article, the following terms shall have the meanings
indicated:
ANIMAL — For the purpose of this article, "animal" shall mean cat.
ANIMAL CONTROL AUTHORITY — Any person or agency designated or
certified by the State of New Jersey to enforce the provisions of this article.
CAT — Any member of the domestic feline species; male, female or altered/
spayed.
CAT OF LICENSING AGE — Any cat which has attained the age of seven
months or which possesses a set of permanent teeth.
CATTERY — Any room or group of rooms, cage or exhibition pen, not part
of a kennel, wherein cats for sale are kept or displayed.
LICENSING AUTHORITY — The agency or department of the City or any
designated representative thereof charged with administering the issuance
and/or revocation of permits and licenses under the provisions of this
article.
NEUTERED — Rendered permanently incapable of reproduction as certified
by a licensed veterinarian.
OWNER — When applied to the proprietorship of a cat, shall include every
person having a right of property (or custody) in such cat and every person
who has such cat in his/her keeping or who harbors or maintains a cat or
knowingly permits a cat to remain on or about any premises occupied by
that person.
PERSON — Any individual, corporation, partnership, organization or
institution commonly recognized by law as a unit.
§ 86-26. Provisions relating to rabies vaccination of cats.
Vaccination and license requirements. No person shall own, keep,
harbor or maintain any cat over seven months of age within the City
unless such cat is vaccinated and licensed. The provisions of this
section do not apply to cats held in a cattery or those held by a state or
federally licensed research facility or a veterinary establishment where
cats are received or kept for diagnostic, medical, surgical or other
treatments or licensed animal shelters, pounds, kennels or pet shops.
A.
Vaccination. All cats shall be vaccinated against rabies by a licensed
veterinarian in accordance with the latest "Compendium of Animal
Rabies Vaccines and Recommendations for Immunization" published by
the National Association of State Public Health Veterinarians, except as
provided for in Subsection D.
B.
§ 86-25 ANIMALS § 86-26
86:29
§ 86-27. Licensing requirements.
Vaccination certificate. A certificate of vaccination shall be issued to the
owner of each animal vaccinated on a form recommended by the state.
C.
Exemptions. Any cat may be exempted from the requirements of such
vaccination for a specified period of time by the local Board of Health
upon presentation of a veterinarian's certificate stating that because
of an infirmity or other physical condition, or regimen of therapy, the
inoculation of such cat shall be deemed inadvisable.
D.
Cats must have license number displayed. Any person who shall own,
keep or harbor a cat of licensing age shall annually apply for and
procure from the Clerk of the municipality, or other official designated
by the governing body thereof to license cats in the municipality in
which he/she resides, a license and official registration tag with license
number or a registration sleeve for each cat so owned, kept or harbored
and shall place upon such cat a collar or other device with the license
number securely fastened or displayed thereto. Acceptable methods of
displaying a license number shall include, but are not limited to, breakaway
or elastic collars. License tags or sleeves are not transferable.
A.
Time for applying for license. The owner of any newly acquired cat
of licensing age or of any cat which attains licensing age shall make
application for a license tag or sleeve for such cat within ten days after
such acquisition or age attainment. This requirement will not apply to a
nonresident keeping a cat within the City for no longer than 90 days.
B.
Cats brought into the City.
Any person who shall bring, or cause to be brought into this City,
any cat licensed in another state for the current year and bearing
a registration tag or sleeve, and shall keep the same or permit the
same to be kept within the City for a period of more than 90 days
shall immediately apply for a license and registration tag or sleeve
for each such cat.
(1)
Any person who shall bring or cause to be brought in to this City
any unlicensed cat and shall keep same or permit same to be kept
within the City for a period of more than 10 days, shall immediately
apply for a license and registration tag or sleeve for each such cat.
(2)
C.
Application, contents and preservation of information. The application
shall state the breed, sex, age, color and markings of the cat for which
license and registration are sought and whether it is of a longhaired
or shorthaired variety; also the name, street and post office address
of the owner and the person who shall keep or harbor such cat. The
information on said application and the registration number issued for
the cat shall be preserved for a period of three years by the Clerk or
other local official designated to license cats in the municipality.
D.
§ 86-26 LINWOOD CODE § 86-27
86:30
License forms and tags. License forms and official tags or sleeves shall
be furnished by the municipality and shall be numbered serially and
shall bear the year of issuance and the name of the municipality.
E.
Evidence of inoculation with rabies vaccine or certification of
exemption; requirement for license. No Municipal Clerk or other official
designated by the governing body of any municipality to license cats
therein shall grant any such license and official registration tag or
sleeve for any cat unless the owner thereof provides evidence that the
cat to be licensed and registered has been inoculated with a rabies
vaccine of a type approved by and administered in accordance with the
recommendations of the United States Department of Agriculture and
the United States Department of Human Services, or has been certified
exempt as provided by § 86-26 of this article. The rabies inoculation
shall be administered by a duly licensed veterinarian or by such other
veterinarian permitted by law to do the same.
F.
License fee schedule. A license shall be issued after payment of a fee of
$9 for each unneutered/unspayed cat and $6 for each neutered/spayed
cat. Persons who fail to obtain a license as required within the time
period specified in this section will be subject to a delinquent fee of $25.
[Amended 4-9-2008 by Ord. No. 6-2008]
G.
Fees, renewals and expiration date of license; license from another
municipality shall be accepted.
The person applying for the license and registration tag and/or
sleeve shall pay the fee fixed or authorized. The fee for the renewal
of license and registration tag or sleeve shall be the same as for the
original, and said license, registration tag or sleeve and renewal
thereof shall expire on January 31 in the following year.
(1)
Only one license and registration tag or sleeve shall be required
in the licensing year for any cat in this City. Any valid New Jersey
license tag or sleeve issued by a New Jersey municipality shall be
accepted by this municipality as evidence of compliance.
(2)
H.
Loss of license. If a license tag or sleeve has been misplaced or lost, the
City Clerk may issue a duplicate license and/or registration sleeve for
that particular cat at a fee of $1.
I.
Proof of licensing. Proof of licensing shall be produced by any person
owning, keeping, maintaining or harboring a cat upon the request
of any health official, police officer, animal control officer or other
authorized person.
J.
Interfering with persons performing duties under this article. No
person shall hinder, molest or interfere with anyone authorized or
empowered to perform any duty under this article.
K.
Disposition of fees collected. License fees and other moneys collected
or received under the provisions of this article shall be forwarded to the
L.
§ 86-27 ANIMALS § 86-27
86:31
§ 86-28. Discharge and removal of excreta.
It is unlawful for the owner or custodian of any cat to permit, suffer or allow
such cat to discharge its excreta upon any public or private property other
than the property of the owner or custodian unless the owner or custodian
shall immediately remove such excreta and dispose of it by placing it in a
closed container or a covered trash receptacle.
§ 86-29. Violations and penalties.
Violations of ordinance penalty. Violations of this article of this chapter shall
be punishable as follows:
Treasurer of the municipality and shall be placed in a special account
separate from any of the other accounts of the municipality and shall be
used for the following purposes only: collecting, keeping and disposing
of cats liable to seizure, for local prevention and control of rabies;
providing antirabies treatment under the direction of the local Board
of Health for any person known or suspected to have been exposed
to rabies; and for administering the provisions of this article. Any
unexpected balance remaining in such special account shall be retained
until the end of the third fiscal year following and may be used for any
of the purposes set forth in this subsection. At the end of the said third
fiscal year following and at the end of each fiscal year thereafter there
shall be transferred from such special account to the general funds of
the municipality any amount then in such account which is in excess of
the total amount paid into the special account during the last two fiscal
years next preceding.
A. First offense in any twelve-month period: a fine of $25.
B. Second offense in any twelve-month period: a fine of $75.
Third or subsequent offenses in any twelve-month period: a fine of $150
for each such offense.
C.
§ 86-27 LINWOOD CODE § 86-29
86:32
ARTICLE VII
Wildlife Feeding
[Adopted 12-14-2005 by Ord. No. 20-2005]
§ 86-30. Purpose.
The purpose of this article is to prohibit the feeding of unconfined wildlife in
any public park or on any other property owned or operated by the City of
Linwood so as to protect public health, safety and welfare and to prescribe
penalties for failure to comply.
§ 86-31. Definitions.
For the purpose of this article, the following terms, phrases, words and
their derivations shall have the meanings stated herein unless their use in
the text of this article clearly demonstrates a different meaning. When not
inconsistent with the context, words used in the present tense include the
future, words used in the plural number include the singular number, and
words used in the singular number include the plural number. The word
"shall" is always mandatory and not merely directory.
FEED — To give, place, expose, deposit, distribute or scatter any edible
material with the intention of feeding, attracting or enticing wildlife.
Feeding does not include baiting in the legal taking of fish and/or game.
PERSON — Any individual, corporation, company, partnership, firm,
association or political subdivision of this state subject to municipal
jurisdiction.
WILDLIFE — All animals that are neither human nor domesticated.
§ 86-32. Prohibited conduct.
No person shall feed, in any public park or on any other property owned
or operated by the City of Linwood, any wildlife, excluding confined wildlife
(for example, wildlife confined in zoos, parks or rehabilitation centers or
unconfined wildlife at environmental education centers).
§ 86-33. Enforcement.
§ 86-34. Violations and penalties.
Any person(s) who is found to be in violation of this article, shall be subject
to a fine not to exceed $200.
This article shall be enforced by the Police Department of the City of
Linwood.
A.
Any person found to be in violation of this article shall be ordered to
cease the feeding immediately.
B.
§ 86-30 ANIMALS § 86-34
86:33
Chapter 94
BINGO AND RAFFLES
GENERAL REFERENCES
Mercantile licenses — See Ch. 179.
§ 94-1. License required.
No person shall own or operate within the City of Linwood "games of
chance" as defined in the statutes dealing with legalized games of chance
(N.J.S.A. 5:8-1 through N.J.S.A. 5:8-77), without obtaining a license therefor
issued by the Common Council. The license shall be issued pursuant and
subject to the provisions of the Bingo Licensing Law and the Raffles
Licensing Law and rules and regulations issued thereunder.
§ 94-2. Application.
Each applicant for a license under this section shall file with the City Clerk
a written application as prescribed by the statute and in accordance with
the rules and regulations promulgated by the Legalized Games of Chance
Control Commission.
§ 94-3. Fees.
The fees payable by law are as follows:
Bingo: $10 for each occasion on which any game or games of bingo
are to be conducted under the license. Five dollars of the fee for each
occasion shall be remitted to the municipality in which the application
is filed, and the remaining $5 of the fee for each occasion shall be
remitted to the Treasurer of the State of New Jersey.
A.
On-premise draw raffle: $5 for each day on which the same is to be
conducted under the license.
B.
Nondraw raffle: $5 for all raffles concurrently held on any one day or
any series of consecutive days not exceeding six in any one week at one
location.
C.
Off-premise draw raffle: municipality, $5 for each $1,000 of retail value
of the prizes or part thereof; State of New Jersey, $5 for each $1,000 of
retail value of the prizes above the original one-thousand-dollar value
of the prizes or part thereof.
D.
Special door prize raffle for under $50 of value of merchandise and for
which no license is required: no fee is payable.
E.
§ 86-34 LINWOOD CODE § 94-4
94:34
§ 94-4. Hours of operation.
The aforesaid games of chance may be conducted from 12:00 noon until
12:00 midnight on the same day, except that no such games of chance shall
be conducted on the first day of the week.
§ 94-5. Violations; forfeiture of license.
In the event any licensee violates any provision of this chapter or of the
aforementioned state statutes or the rules and regulations promulgated by
the Legalized Games of Chance Control Commission or the terms of the
license, the licensee shall be deemed a disorderly person. Upon conviction
he shall, in addition to suffering any other penalties which may be imposed,
forfeit any license issued to him under this chapter.
§ 94-6. Violations and penalties.
Any person who violates any provision of this chapter shall, upon conviction
thereof, be punished by a fine not exceeding $500 or by imprisonment for a
term not exceeding 180 days, or both.
Chapter 99
BRUSH, GRASS AND WEEDS
§ 94-4 BINGO AND RAFFLES § 94-6
94:35

ARTICLE I
Sight Triangles
[Adopted 12-11-1991 by Ord. No. 21-1991]
§ 99-1. Accumulation and/or depositing of prohibited materials.
[Amended 6-13-2001 by Ord. No. 11-2001; 11-14-2001 by Ord. No.
25-2001]
§ 99-2. Inspection; notice to remove.
The accumulation, depositing ("Depositing" shall include but not be
limited to items which are hand dropped, raked, swept and/or blown
by mowers, vacs and blowers.), planting or maintaining grass clippings,
brush, weeds, stumps, roots, debris, trees, plants, flowers, shrubbery,
plantings or other substances creating a health, fire, safety or traffic
hazard or public nuisance or the existence of some other condition
injurious to the public health and safety shall not be permitted within
sight rights as established under N.J.S.A. 40:48-2.26. More specifically,
any such vegetation growing within 10 feet of any roadway and within
25 feet of the intersection of two roadways shall be cut to a height of not
more than 2 1/2 feet as may be determined to be necessary or expedient
for the preservation of the public safety, within 10 days of notice to
cut the same by the Municipal Code Enforcement Official. The owner
of said lands shall, after notice from the Municipal Code Enforcement
Official, remove the grass clippings, brush, weeds, stumps, roots,
debris, trees, flowers, shrubbery, plantings or other such substances
from such lands or, in the case of a condition injurious to the public
health and safety, shall eliminate such condition. [Amended
10-27-2010 by Ord. No. 16-2010]
A.
The owner of said land(s) or his/her agent is prohibited from depositing
leaves, grass, brush, weeds, stumps, roots, trees, plants, shrubbery,
soils, mulch or any other debris along any City street or walkway
that has not been properly contained for disposal. Exception: Loose
leaves may be placed in the street along the curbline during announced
prescheduled pickup dates by the City Public Works Department.
Any sod, soils, mulch, shrubbery or any other landscaping materials
delivered to said owners or their agents that are deposited on any
City street must be moved to the owner's property within 72 hours
of delivery.
(1)
B.
The Code Enforcement Official shall have the power to make periodic
inspections within the City in order to ascertain when and wherein
there exist conditions, or any of them, as hereinbefore described, and
which constitute any health, fire, safety or traffic hazard or public
nuisance or are injurious to the public health and safety, and, where
such condition is found to exist, to notify the owner of the lands to
remove or abate such condition within 20 days from the date of the
notice. Any such notice may be served personally upon the owner,
A.
§ 99-1 BINGO AND RAFFLES § 99-2
94:37
§ 99-3. Failure to comply; costs to become lien on property.
In the event of the failure of the owner so notified to remove or abate
the condition within 20 days from the date of notice as aforesaid, the
City Council may cause the removal or abatement of such condition or
conditions, and in such case, the office in charge of removal or abatement
shall certify in writing to the City Council the costs thereof, which costs,
if found correct, shall be charged against said land, and the amount so
charged shall forthwith become a lien upon said land and shall be assessed
and levied upon said land and shall bear interest of the same rate as taxes
and shall be collected and enforced by the same officer and in the same
manner as taxes.
§ 99-4. Violations and penalties. [Amended 5-12-1999 by Ord. No.
8-1999]
In the event of the failure of the owner of said land to remove or abate
such condition existing thereon within the time required after the service
of the notice hereinbefore mentioned, and in addition to the remedies
hereinbefore provided, such person shall be in violation of this article and,
upon conviction thereof by the Judge of the Municipal Court of the City of
Linwood, shall be punished by a maximum fine of $2,000 per occurrence
and/or imprisonment in such a place as is maintained for offenders in
the City of Linwood for a period not to exceed 30 days. Each day during
which the violation continues after notice shall be considered as a separate
offense.
tenant, agent of owner or tenant or occupier of the land upon which
said condition exists or, if such person cannot be personally served
within the City of Linwood, may be mailed by certified mail, return
receipt requested, to the address of the owner as set forth on the tax
records of the City of Linwood. Notice to the tenant, agent or occupier
shall be constructive notice to the owner. [Amended 6-13-2001 by
Ord. No. 11-2001]
A violation that is recurring justifies imposition of an immediate penalty
without the necessity for an interval in which correction can be made. A
violation shall be deemed to be a recurring violation if a notice has been
served within two years from the date that a previous notice was served
and the violation, premises and responsible party are substantially the
same. [Added 5-12-1999 by Ord. No. 8-1999]
B.
§ 99-2 LINWOOD CODE § 99-4
94:38
ARTICLE II
High Grass and Weeds
[Adopted 7-9-2014 by Ord. No. 13-2014]
§ 99-5. Property maintenance.
All premises and exterior properties shall be maintained free from weeds or
lawn growth in excess of 10 inches, except that this requirement shall not
apply to areas of cultivated gardens and plants, such as English gardens,
and areas of natural growth that are not ordinarily maintained, such as,
without limitation, areas containing wetlands or marshes, or densely
wooded areas. All noxious weeds shall be prohibited.
§ 99-6. Inspection; enforcement.
§ 99-7. Failure to comply; cost to become lien on property.
In the event of the failure of the owner so notified to abate the condition
within 15 days from the date of the notices aforesaid, the City Council may
cause the removal or abatement of such condition or conditions, and in such
case, the office in charge of removal or abatement shall certify in writing to
City Council the cost thereof, which cost, if found correct, shall be charged
against said land, and the amount so charged shall forthwith become a lien
upon said land and shall be assessed and levied upon said land and shall
bear interest of the same rate as taxes and shall be collected and enforced
The Code Enforcement Official is hereby designated as the enforcement
officer for this article. The Code Enforcement Official shall have the
power to make periodic inspections within the City in order to ascertain
when and where there exist conditions, or any of them, as hereinbefore
described, and which constitute conditions which adversely could
impact the public health, safety and welfare and/or are injurious to
the public health and safety. Where such a condition is found to exist,
the Code Enforcement Official shall notify the owner of the lands to
abate such condition within 15 days from the date of the notice. Any
such notice may be served personally upon the owner, tenant, agent
of owner or tenant or occupier of the land upon which said condition
exists or, if such person cannot be personally served within the City of
Linwood, may be mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, to
the address of the owner as set forth in the tax records of the City of
Linwood. Notice to the tenant, agent or occupier shall be constructive
notice to the owner.
A.
A violation that is recurring justifies imposition of an immediate penalty
without the necessity for an interval in which correction can be made.
A violation shall be deemed to be a recurring violation if the notice
has been served within two years from the date that a previous notice
was served and the violation, premises and responsible party are
substantially the same.
B.
§ 99-5 BINGO AND RAFFLES § 99-7
94:39
by the same officer in the same manner as taxes. Said notice of lien shall be
filed with the Municipal Tax Collector of the City of Linwood.
§ 99-8. Violations and penalties.
In the event of the failure of the owner of said land to remove or abate
such condition existing thereon within the time required after the service
of the notice hereinbefore mentioned, and in addition to the remedies
hereinbefore provided, such person shall be in violation of this article.
Penalties for violations shall be imposed against an owner of said land as
follows: a fine of $250 for a first offense; a fine of $500 for a second offense;
and a fine of $2,000 for a third offense. For the fourth offense and each
subsequent offense thereafter, the owner shall appear in Municipal Court
and, upon conviction thereof by the Judge of the Municipal Court of the
City of Linwood, shall be punished by a maximum fine not to exceed $2,500
per occurrence and/or imprisonment in such a place as is maintained for
offenders in the City of Linwood for a period not to exceed 30 days. Each
day during which the violation continues after notice shall be considered as
a separate offense.
§ 99-7 LINWOOD CODE § 99-8
94:40
ARTICLE III
Bamboo
[Adopted 12-10-2014 by Ord. No. 22-2014]
§ 99-9. Bamboo planting prohibited; containment and removal.
It is determined that certain types of the bamboo plant are invasive and
often difficult to control, and such bamboo can and has caused significant
damage to properties in the City of Linwood. The purposes of this section
are to preserve and protect private and public property from the damaging
spread of bamboo, to protect indigenous and other plant materials from
the invasive spread of bamboo, and to maintain the general welfare of the
residents of the City of Linwood.
Prohibition. No owner, tenant or occupant of a property, or person,
corporation or other entity, shall plant, install or cause or permit the
planting or installation of plant species commonly known as "running
bamboo" upon any property located within the City of Linwood. For the
purposes of this section, “running bamboo” means any bamboo in the
genus Phyllostachys, including Phyllostachys aureosulcata.
A.
Duty to confine. In the event any species commonly known as "running
bamboo' is located upon any property within the City of Linwood, prior
to the effective date of this prohibition, the owner and occupant of
said property shall jointly and severally be required to confine such
species to prevent the encroachment, spread, invasion or intrusion of
same onto any other private or public property or public right-of-way.
In lieu of confining the species, the property owner or occupant may
elect to totally remove the bamboo from the property and all affected
properties. Failure to properly confine such bamboo shall require
removal as set forth below. The cost of said removal shall be at the
bamboo property owner's expense. This duty to confine shall not apply
if the property owner and/or occupant can establish to the satisfaction
of the Code Enforcement Officer that the bamboo which is on his/her
property at the time of the adoption of this article originated on another
property.
B.
Removal.
In the event running bamboo is present on the effective date of
this prohibition and a complaint is received by the City regarding
an encroachment of any bamboo plant or root, and the Code
Enforcement Officer of the City, after observation and/or
inspection, determines that there is an encroachment or invasion
on any adjoining/neighboring private or public property or public
right-of-way (hereinafter, "the affected property"), the City shall
serve notice to the bamboo property owner, in writing, that the
bamboo has invaded other private or public properties or public
rights-of-way and demand remediation of the encroachment of the
bamboo from the affected property, and demand approved
confinement against future encroachment. Notice shall be provided
(1)
C.
§ 99-9 BINGO AND RAFFLES § 99-9
94:41
to the bamboo property owner, as well as to the owner of the
affected property, by certified, return-receipt-requested mail and
regular mail. Within 45 days of receipt of such notice, the bamboo
property owner shall submit to the Code Enforcement Officer of
the City, with a copy to the owner of the affected property, a
plan for the remediation of the encroachment of the bamboo from
the affected property, which plan shall include restoration of the
affected property after remediation of the encroachment. Within
120 days of receipt of the Code Enforcement Officer's approval
of the plan of remediation and restoration, the remediation and
restoration shall be completed to the satisfaction of the Code
Enforcement Officer of the City.
If the bamboo property owner does not accomplish the remediation
of the encroachment from such other private or public property or
public right-of-way in accordance herewith, the Code Enforcement
Officer of the City of Linwood shall cause a citation to be issued,
with a penalty up to $100 for each day the violation continues,
enforceable through the Municipal Court of the City of Linwood.
The Administrative Officer may request, and the Municipal Court
may grant, a specific performance remedy. The City may also
institute civil proceedings for injunctive or civil relief.
(2)
Nothing herein shall be interpreted as limiting the rights of a
private property owner to seek civil relief through a court of proper
jurisdiction, nor the institution of civil proceedings against the
proper parties.
(3)
When an encroachment is upon public property or a public rightof-
way and the bamboo property owner and/or occupant has not
complied with the written notice provided as set forth above, the
City of Linwood, at its discretion, may remove or contract for
the removal of such bamboo from the City property or public
right-of-way. The cost of such removal shall be the responsibility
of the bamboo property owner and occupant and shall be paid
or assessed as a lien against the property on which the bamboo
growth originated. The cost of said removal from the City-owned
property and/or public right-of-way shall include the installation of
an appropriate barrier to prevent future bamboo invasion.
(4)
Replanting prohibited. Any running bamboo either planted or caused
to be planted or existing on the effective date of this regulation may
not be replanted or replaced once such bamboo is or has become dead,
destroyed, uprooted, or otherwise removed.
D.
§ 99-9 LINWOOD CODE § 99-9
94:42
Chapter 106
BUILDINGS, UNSAFE
GENERAL REFERENCES
Uniform Construction Codes — See Ch. 119.
§ 106-1. Designation of public officer.
The Building Inspector of said City is hereby designated as the public officer
to exercise the powers prescribed by this chapter.
§ 106-2. Conditions for determining unfit building.
For the purposes of this chapter, the public officer may determine that
a building is unfit for human habitation or occupancy or use if he finds
that conditions exist in such building which are or may become dangerous
or injurious to the health or safety of the occupants of such building,
the occupants of neighboring buildings or other residents of the City of
Linwood. Such conditions may include the following, without limiting the
generality of the foregoing:
§ 106-3. Notice of complaint; hearing procedure.
Whenever a petition is filed with the public officer by a public authority, as
defined in N.J.S.A. 40:48-2.4, or by at least five residents of the municipality
charging that any building is unfit for human habitation or occupancy or
use as herein defined, or whenever it appears to the public officer, on his
own motion, that any building is unfit for human habitation or occupancy or
use, as herein defined, he shall, if his preliminary investigation discloses a
basis for such charges, issue and cause to be served upon the owner of and
parties in interest in such building a complaint stating the charges in that
respect and containing a notice that:
Defects therein increasing the hazards of fire, accident or other
calamities.
A.
B. Lack of adequate ventilation, light or sanitary facilities.
C. Dilapidation, disrepair, structural defects or uncleanliness.
D. Conditions otherwise inimical to the welfare of the residents of the City.
A hearing will be held before the public officer or his designated agent
at a place therein fixed not less than seven days nor more than 30 days
after the serving of said complaint.
A.
§ 99-9 BUILDINGS, UNSAFE § 106-3
106:43
§ 106-4. Issuance of order; compliance required.
The owner and parties in interest shall be given the right to file an
answer to the complaint and to appear in person or otherwise and to
give testimony at the place and time fixed in the complaint.
B.
The rules of evidence prevailing in courts of law or equity shall not be
controlling in the hearings.
C.
If, after such notice and hearing, the public officer determines that the
building under consideration is unfit for human habitation or occupancy
or use, as herein defined, he shall state in writing his findings of fact in
support of such determination and shall issue and cause to be served
upon the owner thereof and parties in interest an order requiring that:
The repair, alteration or improvement of the said building be made
by the owner within a reasonable time, which time shall be set forth
in the order, or, at the option of the owner, to vacate or have the
building vacated and closed within the time set forth in the order.
(1)
If the building is in such a condition as to make it dangerous to
the health and safety of persons on or near the premises and that
owner fails to repair, alter or improve the said building within the
time specified in the order, then the owner shall be required to
remove or demolish the said building within a reasonable time as
specified in the said order of removal.
(2)
A.
If the owner fails to comply with an order to repair, alter or improve or,
at the option of the owner, to vacate and close the building, the public
officer may cause to be posted on the main entrance of any building
so closed a placard with the following words: "This building is unfit for
human habitation or occupancy or use; the use or occupation of this
building is prohibited and unlawful."
B.
If the owner fails to comply with an order to remove or demolish the
building, the public officer may cause such building to be removed
or demolished or make contract for the removal or demolition thereof
after advertisement for and receipt of bids thereof.
C.
The total amount of the cost of filing of legal papers, expert witness'
fees, search fees and advertising charges incurred in the course of
any proceeding taken under this chapter determined in favor of the
municipality and such cost of such repairs, alterations or
improvements, where vacating and closing, or removal or demolition, if
any, or the amount of the balance thereof remaining after deduction of
the sum, if any, realized from the sale of materials derived from such
building or from any contract for removal or demolition thereof shall be
a municipal lien against the real property upon which such costs were
incurred. If the building is removed or demolished by the public officer,
he shall sell the materials of such building. There shall be credited
against the cost of the removal or demolition thereof, including the cost
D.
§ 106-3 LINWOOD CODE § 106-4
106:44
§ 106-5. Service of complaints and orders.
Complaints or orders issued by the public officer pursuant to this chapter
shall be served upon the owner or owners resident in the City of Linwood,
in person or by leaving the same at his usual place of residence with a
member of his family above the age of 14 years. In case any such owner
shall not reside in the City of Linwood, notice may be served upon him or
her personally or by registered mail to his or her last known post office
address or it may be served upon the occupant of the property or upon
the agent of the owner in charge thereof. In case the whereabouts of such
persons is unknown and the same cannot be ascertained by said public
officer in the exercise of reasonable diligence, and the public officer shall
make an affidavit to that effect, then the serving of such complaint or
order upon such persons may be made by publishing the same once in the
newspaper printed and published in the County of Atlantic and circulated in
the City. A copy of such complaint or order shall be posted in a conspicuous
place on the premises affected by the complaint or order, and a copy of
such complaint or order shall be duly recorded or lodged for record with
the county recording officer of Atlantic County. Notice to infant owners or
of clearing and, if necessary, leveling of the site, the proceeds of any
sale of any such materials or any sum derived from any contract for the
removal or demolition of the building. If there are no such credits or if
the sum total of such costs exceeds the total of such credits, a detailed
statement of the aforesaid costs and the amounts so due shall be filed
with the municipal Tax Assessor or other custodian of the records of
tax liens, and a copy thereof shall be forthwith forwarded to the owner
by registered mail, return receipt requested. If the total of the credits
exceeds such costs, the balance remaining shall be deposited in the
Superior Court by the public officer, shall be secured in such manner
as may be directed by such Court and shall be dispersed according to
the order or judgment of such Court. Any owner or party in interest
may, within 30 days from the date of the filing of the lien certificate,
proceed in a summary manner in the Superior Court to contest the
reasonableness of the amount or the accuracy of the costs set forth in
the municipal lien certificate.
If any actual and immediate danger to life is imposed by the threatened
collapse of a fire-damaged or structurally unsafe building, the public
officer may, after taking such measures as may be necessary to make
such building temporarily safe, seek a judgment in summary
proceedings for the demolition thereof.
E.
Nothing in this section shall be construed to impair or limit in any
way the power of the City to define and declare nuisances to cause
the removal or abatement by summary proceedings or otherwise, nor
is anything in this chapter intended to limit the authority of the
Construction Code Official under the State Uniform Construction Code
Act (N.J.S.A. 52:27D-119 et seq.) or any rules or regulations adopted
thereunder.
F.
§ 106-4 BUILDINGS, UNSAFE § 106-5
106:45
owners of unsound mind shall be served upon their guardians. Where lands
are held in trusts, service shall be made upon the trustee. Where lands are
held by two or more joint tenants, tenants in common or tenants by the
entirety, service upon one of such owners shall be sufficient and shall be
deemed taken as notice to all.
§ 106-6. Actions for injunctive relief.
Any person aggrieved by an order issued by the public officer under this
chapter may, within 30 days after the posting and service of such order,
bring an action for injunctive relief to restrain the public officer from
carrying out the provisions of the order and for any other appropriate relief.
The court may proceed in the action in a summary manner or otherwise.
The remedy herein provided shall be exclusive, and no person affected by
the order of the public officer shall be entitled to recover any damages for
action taken pursuant thereto or because of noncompliance by any person
with any order of the public officer.
§ 106-7. Powers of public officer.
The public officer is hereby authorized and empowered to exercise such
powers as may be necessary or convenient to carry out and effectuate the
purposes and provisions of this chapter, including the following, in addition
to others herein granted:
§ 106-8. Effect on powers and existing legislation.
Nothing in this chapter shall be construed to abrogate or impair the power
of the City or any officer or department to enforce any provisions of its
chapter or its ordinances or regulations, nor to prevent or punish violations
thereof, and powers conferred by this chapter shall be in addition and
supplemental to the powers conferred upon the City by any other law or
ordinance.
To investigate the conditions of buildings in the City of Linwood in order
to determine which buildings therein are unfit for human habitation.
A.
To administer oaths and affirmations, examine witnesses and receive
evidence.
B.
To enter upon premises for the purpose of making examination,
provided that such entry shall be made in such manner as to cause the
least possible inconvenience to the persons in possession.
C.
To appoint and fix the duties of such officers, agents and employees that
he deems necessary to carry out the purposes of this chapter.
D.
To delegate any of his functions and powers under this chapter to such
officer and agents as he may designate.
E.
§ 106-5 LINWOOD CODE § 106-9
106:46
§ 106-9. Removal costs obligation of owner.
In the event that any building or structure is removed or demolished
pursuant to this chapter because it is found to be dangerous to human
life or the public welfare or because it constitutes a fire hazard, the City
Council, in addition to assessing the cost of such removal or demolition
as a municipal lien against the premises, may force the payment of such
assessment, together with interest, as a debt of the owner of the premises
and may also raise the institution of an action at law for the collection
thereof.
Chapter 119
CONSTRUCTION CODES, UNIFORM
GENERAL REFERENCES
Unsafe buildings — See Ch. 106. Fire Limits — See Ch. 149.
§ 119-1. Enforcing agency established; subcode officials designated.
There is hereby established in the City of Linwood a State Uniform
Construction Code enforcing agency to be known as the "Department
of Inspections," consisting of a Construction Official, Building Subcode
Official, Plumbing Subcode Official, Electrical Subcode Official, Fire
Protection Subcode Official and such other subcode officials for such
additional subcodes as the Commissioner of the Department of
Community Affairs, State of New Jersey, shall hereafter adopt as part
of the State Uniform Construction Code. The Construction Official shall
be the chief administrator of the enforcing agency.
A.
Each official position created in Subsection A hereof shall be filled by
a person qualified for such position pursuant to P.L. 1975, c. 217,4 as
amended, and N.J.A.C. 5:23, provided that, in lieu of any particular
subcode official, an on-site inspection agency may be retained by
contract pursuant to P.L. 1975, c. 217, and N.J.A.C. 5:23 to hold each
such position. More than one such official position may be held by the
same person, provided that such person is qualified pursuant to P.L.
1975, c. 217, and N.J.A.C. 5:23 to hold each such position.
B.
The public shall have the right to do business with the enforcing agency
at one office location, except for emergencies and unforeseen or
unavoidable circumstances. The location of said office shall be in the
City of Linwood Municipal Building, located at Poplar Avenue and New
Road.
C.
4. Editor's Note: See N.J.S.A. 52:27D-119 et seq.
§ 106-9 BUILDINGS, UNSAFE § 119-1
106:47
§ 119-2. Appeals.
Appeals from decisions of the enforcing agency shall be heard under the
rules and regulations established by the Atlantic County Construction Board
of Appeals.
§ 119-3. Fees. [Amended 3-11-2009 by Ord. No. 6-2009; 3-10-2010
by Ord. No. 5-2010; 11-10-2010 by Ord. No. 18-2010]
The fee for a construction permit shall be the sum of the subcode fees listed
in Subsections A through D and shall be paid before the permit is issued.
Any person, firm, contractor, or homeowner who permits work to be
done (i.e., repair, replacement, alteration, renovation, or new
construction) on any property within the City of Linwood must make
application to the Construction Official to obtain a permit or review of
the work to be done prior to the commencement of said work.
D.
The building subcode fees shall be: [Amended 8-14-2013 by Ord. No.
14-2013; 10-22-2014 by Ord. No. 20-2014; 11-9-2016 by Ord. No.
8-2016]
New structures and additions, all uses.
New construction and additions, $0.0380 per cubic foot of
building or structure volume or a minimum of $300 (whichever
is greater).
(a)
(b) The minimum fee shall be $65.
(1)
Renovations/alterations, shall be $34 per $1,000 of estimated cost
of work or a minimum of $150 (whichever is greater). The applicant
must submit to the Department such cost data produced by the
architect or engineer of record, or a licensed contractor's bid if
available.
(2)
Combinations of renovations and additions shall have separately
computed fees: $0.0380 per cubic foot and $34 per $1,000 (or a
minimum of $300, whichever is greater).
(3)
Repairs and minor work (patios, decks, roofing, siding) shall be $34
per $1,000 of estimated cost of work, provided that the minimum
fee shall be $75.
Installation of underground or aboveground tanks: residential
$75 each; commercial, $180 per tank.
(a)
(b) Towers: small, $65 each; large, $175 each.
(c) Antennas: $65 per small building; $100 per large building.
(d) Minor asbestos abatement projects: $175 per building.
(e) Lead hazard abatement: $175 per building.
(4)
A.
§ 119-1 LINWOOD CODE § 119-3
106:48
Pilings, foundations (including those for modular homes),
bulkheads, etc., shall be $34 per $1,000 of estimated cost of
work, provided that the minimum fee shall be $100.
(f)
Demolition fees.
One- and two-family residences less than 5,000 square feet
and less than 30 feet in height: $150.
[1]
Accessory structures (garages, sheds, pools, pool houses,
etc.): $200.
[2]
[3] All other use groups: $200.
Removal of one building from one lot to another lot or
location on same lot: $150 if less than 5,000 square feet;
$200 if larger than 5,000 square feet.
[4]
Underground/aboveground tanks.
[a] Residential: $75.
[b] Commercial: $180.
[5]
(g)
Pools.
[1] In-ground pools: $250.
[2] Aboveground pools: $175.
[3] All others: $100.
(h)
Retaining walls.
[1] (Reserved)
[2] (Reserved)
Retaining walls of any size shall be based on the cost of the
construction:
Thirty-four dollars per $1,000 cost, provided that the
minimum fee shall be $150 for residential;
[a]
Thirty-four dollars per $1,000 cost, provided that the
minimum fee shall be $300 for commercial.
[b]
[3]
(i)
Signs.
$6 per square foot (square footage based on one side of a
double-faced sign).
[1]
[2] Ground signs or wall-mounted signs: $3 per square foot.
Footings, poles, etc.: $34 per $1,000 of work, provided
that the minimum fee shall be $150.
[3]
(j)
§ 119-3 BUILDINGS, UNSAFE § 119-3
106:49
Sheds:
[1] 121 square feet to 200 square feet: $65.
Greater than 200 square feet: $34 per $1,000 of work,
provided that the minimum fee shall be $150.
[2]
(k)
(l) Temporary structures: $250.
Tents in excess of 900 square feet or more than 30 feet in
dimension: $125.
(m)
Solar systems (roof- or ground-mounted).
[1] Residential: $34 per $1,000 (or a minimum of $150).
[2] Commercial: $34 per $1,000 (or a minimum of $300).
(n)
Certificates of occupancy.
(a) Residential, new construction, modular homes, relocates: $75.
(b) Commercial: $100.
(c) Change of use: $150.
(d) TCO (renewal/extensions): $75.
(e) After asbestos hazard abatement: $75.
(f) Certificate of continued occupancy: $150 per unit.
(5)
Variations.
(a) Application for Class I structures: $800.
(b) Application for Class II and Class III structures: $175.
(c) Resubmittal: Class I, $300; Class II and Class III, $65.
(6)
Reinstatement of a lapsed permit(s): 50% of the total sum of the
original permit.
(7)
(8) The minimum fee shall be $65.
The applicant shall submit to the Department cost data by an
architect or engineer of record, a recognized estimating firm or
by a contract bid. If such data is not available, the applicant shall
submit an estimate of the materials and labor to complete the
construction. The Department will review the construction cost and
shall make the final decision as to the actual cost based on that of
a similar construction, unless otherwise specified or provided for
herein.
(9)
The plumbing subcode fees shall be: [Amended 8-14-2013 by Ord.
No. 14-2013; 11-9-2016 by Ord. No. 8-2016]
B.
§ 119-3 LINWOOD CODE § 119-3
106:50
Plumbing inspection fees on new buildings, alterations and
additions shall be as follows:
Fixture/Equipment Fee
Water closet $20
Urinal/bidet $20
Bathtub $20
Lavatory $20
Shower $20
Floor drain $20
Condensate drain $20
HVAC drain connection $20
Sink $20
Dishwasher $20
Drinking fountain $20
Hose bib $20
Water heaters $20
Hot water boilers (including backflow) $90
Steam boiler $90
Sewer pumps $90
Interceptor separator $90
Backflow preventer $90
Grease trap $90
Water-cooled air-conditioning or refrigeration unit $90
Sewer connection $90
Water connection $90
Water lines $90
Gas piping and service connection $90
Active solar system $90
Nondepletable and alternate energy systems (solar
heating):
Light commercial and residential with one
thermostat:
$350
All other structures: $1,900
Fuel oil piping $90
Refrigeration units $90
(1)
(2) The minimum fee shall be $65.
(3) Annual inspections shall be:
§ 119-3 BUILDINGS, UNSAFE § 119-3
106:51
Fixture/Equipment Fee
Cross connections and backflow preventers subject
to retesting
$25 per unit
The electrical subcode fees shall be: [Amended 10-22-2014 by Ord.
No. 20-2014; 11-9-2016 by Ord. No. 8-2016]
Electrical fixtures and devices on new buildings and alterations and
additions shall be as follows:
Fixture/Equipment Fee
Range $15
Oven $15
Surface unit $15
Dishwasher $15
Garbage disposal $15
Dryer $15
Air-conditioning unit $15
Intercom panels $15
Swimming pools, whirlpools, spa, hot tub, fountains $75
Swimming pool annual inspections $50
Each additional public pool, spa, hot tub, etc. on site $30 each
Pool bonding, filter, light, switches, heat $75
Storable pools or hydro massage baths $15
Water heater $15
Central air, oil, gas, electric $15
Baseboard heat $15
Thermostats $15
Heat pump $15
Pump over 1 horsepower $15
Light standards and luminaires greater than 8 feet $15
Burglar and fire alarms
In new homes $30
Add-ons to existing $65
Switches, lighting, receptacles, detectors, motors
under 1 horsepower
1 to 50 $50
Each additional 25 units $15
Motors
1 to 50 horsepower $65
(1)
C.
§ 119-3 LINWOOD CODE § 119-3
106:52
Fixture/Equipment Fee
51 to 100 horsepower $125
Over 100 horsepower $625
Transformers, generators, inverters
1 to 50 kilowatts $65
51 to 100 kilowatts $125
Over 100 kilowatts $625
Service entrance
1 to 225 amperes $65
226 to 1,000 amperes $125
Over 1,000 amperes $625
Each service equipment, entrance, panel board,
switch board, switch gear, motor-control-center, or
disconnecting means
1 to 225 amperes $65
226 to 1,000 amperes $125
Greater than 1,000 amperes $625
Temp pole $65
Photovoltaic systems
1 to 50 kilowatts $65
51 to 100 kilowatts $125
Greater than 100 kilowatts $625
Indoor temperature controlled from a single point
(light commercial)
$1,900
(2) The minimum fee shall be $65.
Elevators; private on-site agency. The fees for elevators, dumbwaiters,
escalators, manlifts, moving walkways, chair lifts, automotive lifts,
construction hoists and tests shall be as required by the State of New
Jersey and as set forth by the Department of Community Affairs in
N.J.A.C. 5:23-4.20. The fee shall be established by the third-party
inspection agency.
D.
The fire subcode (fire protection and hazardous equipment) fee shall
be: [Amended 10-22-2014 by Ord. No. 20-2014; 11-9-2016 by
Ord. No. 8-2016]
Gas- and oil-fired appliances not connected to the plumbing system:
$65.
(1)
Woodburning stoves, fireplaces, space heaters, premanufactured
fireplaces, metal chimney installations or inserts, gas piping to
appliances, etc.: $65.
(2)
E.
§ 119-3 BUILDINGS, UNSAFE § 119-3
106:53
(3) Independent preengineered system: $125.
(4) Kitchen exhaust systems: $65.
(5) (Reserved)
(6) Crematorium, incinerator: $500.
(7) Standpipes:$320 per standpipe.
Sprinkler heads:
(a) 1 to 20 heads: $80.
(b) 21 to 100 heads: $160.
(c) 101 to 200 heads: $300.
(d) 201 to 400 heads: $800.
(e) 401 to 1,000 heads: $1,100.
(f) Over 1,000: $1,400.
(8)
Detectors:
(a) 1 to 12 detectors: $75.
(b) Each additional 25: $20.
(9)
Single/multi-station smoke or heat detectors and fire alarm systems
(residential): $65.
(10)
(11)The minimum fee shall be $65.
The mechanical subcode fee shall be for all heat conversions on existing
R-3, R-4, and R-5 single-family dwellings and for installation of
mechanical equipment in existing R-3, R-4, and R-5 single-family
dwellings only. A flat fee shall be $175. [Added 10-25-2017 by Ord.
No. 9-20175]
F.
In order to provide for the training, certificate and technical support
programs required by the Uniform Construction Code Act and the
regulations, the enforcing agency shall collect, in addition to the fees
specified above, a surcharge fee of $0.00371 per cubic foot of volume
of new construction and a surcharge fee of $1.90 per $1,000 for
alterations, repairs, minor work, renovations, etc. The minimum permit
surcharge fee shall be $1. Said surcharge fee shall be remitted to
the Department of Community Affairs on the dates as set forth in
the Uniform Construction Code. [Amended 10-22-2014 by Ord. No.
20-2014]
G.
5. Editor's Note: This ordinance redesignated former Subsections F through I as Subsections
G through J, respectively.
§ 119-3 LINWOOD CODE § 119-3
106:54
§ 119-4. Fire limits.
The Construction Official shall prepare and submit to the Mayor and
Council, biannually, a report reevaluating the delineations of the fire limits.
This report shall indicate the recommendations of the Construction Official,
the Building Subcode Official and the Fire Subcode Official regarding those
areas which shall be designated as within fire limits, with the reasons
therefor.
§ 119-5. Violations and penalties.
Chapter 122
CURFEW
§ 122-1. Loitering of minors prohibited.
The enforcing agency shall and is permitted by the Uniform
Construction Code to collect a fifteen-percent surcharge on any permits
that would involve an off-site or third-party inspection agency. The
enforcing agency shall report annually the total surcharge fee
collected.
H.
All fees and charges will be rounded off to the nearest dollar as
permitted by the Uniform Construction Code. For example: $1.01 shall
be rounded off to equal $1, and $1.51 shall be rounded off to equal $2.
I.
Waiving of construction permit and enforcing agency fees for work
done to promote accessibility by disabled persons. In accordance with
N.J.S.A. 52:27D-126e, no person shall be charged a construction permit
surcharge fee or enforcing agency fee for any construction,
reconstruction, alteration or improvement designed and undertaken
solely to promote accessibility by disabled persons to an existing public
or private structure or any of the facilities therein. Additionally, a
disabled person, or a parent or sibling of a disabled person, shall not
be required to pay any municipal fee or charge in order to secure a
construction permit for any construction, reconstruction, alteration or
improvement which promotes accessibility to his own living unit.
J.
It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, contractor, or homeowner who
permits work to be done on any property within the City of Linwood
without obtaining a permit or review of the work to be done.
A.
Any person violating the provisions of this chapter shall, upon
conviction of same, be punishable by a fine of an amount not to exceed
$2,000. For purposes of determining an offense, each successive day
shall be considered a separate and distinct chargeable violation.
[Amended 3-11-2009 by Ord. No. 6-2009]
B.
It shall be unlawful for any minor who has not attained his 18th
birthday to loiter, wander, walk or play in or upon any public street,
A.
§ 119-3 BUILDINGS, UNSAFE § 122-1
106:55
§ 122-2. Responsibility of parents.
§ 122-3. Purpose.
This chapter is passed for the protection of the health, morals, property,
safety and good order of the inhabitants of the City of Linwood in the
exercise of its police powers.
§ 122-4. Aiding or abetting.
Any person who aids, assists or abets in the violation of any of the provisions
of this chapter shall be subject to the penalties herein provided for.
§ 122-5. Penalties.
park or public place in the City of Linwood, County of Atlantic, New
Jersey, either on foot or in any automobile or other vehicle between the
hours of 10:00 p.m. (prevailing time) and daylight of the following day.
[Amended 2-24-2010 by Ord. No. 4-2010]
The provisions of this section do not apply to any minor accompanied by
his or her parent, guardian or other adult person having the care and
custody of said minor, or where the minor is upon an emergency errand
or where said minor is engaged in gainful legal employment or where
said minor has parental permission to be out past curfew. [Amended
3-27-2013 by Ord. No. 6-2013]
B.
Each violation of the provisions of this section shall constitute a
separate offense.
C.
It shall be unlawful for the parent, guardian or other adult person
having the care and custody of a minor who has not attained his 18th
birthday, to knowingly permit, allow or cause such minor to loiter,
wander, walk or play in or upon any public street, park or other public
place, either on foot or in any automobile or other vehicle, during
the time prohibited in § 122-1A of this chapter, except as otherwise
provided in § 122-1B hereof.
A.
Each violation of the provisions of this section shall constitute a
separate offense.
B.
Any minor violating the provisions of § 122-1 of this chapter shall be
subject to a fine not to exceed $100 for the first violation thereof and a
fine not to exceed $200 for each and every subsequent violation in the
discretion of the Magistrate of the City of Linwood before whom such
person is convicted. [Amended 8-12-1998 by Ord. No. 9-1998]
A.
Any person violating any of the provisions of § 122-2 of this chapter, or
refusing or neglecting to comply with any order issued pursuant to said
§ 122-2 hereof, shall upon conviction in the Municipal Court of the City
of Linwood be punished for each offense by a fine not to exceed $200
or by imprisonment for any term not exceeding 90 days in the county
B.
§ 122-1 LINWOOD CODE § 122-5
106:56
§ 122-6. Repealer.
An ordinance entitled "An Ordinance Fixing a Curfew for Children Under
the Age of Sixteen Years, in the City of Linwood, New Jersey," adopted July
8, 1953, be and the same is hereby repealed.
Chapter 128
DRUG-FREE ZONES
jail or in any place provided by the City of Linwood for detention of
prisoners, or both. The Municipal Magistrate before whom any person
is convicted of violating said § 122-2 of this chapter shall have power
to impose the maximum fixed in this chapter. In default of the payment
of any fine imposed hereunder, any person convicted of any violation
may, in the discretion of the Municipal Magistrate by whom he was
convicted, be imprisoned by the City, for any term not exceeding 90
days.
§ 122-5 DRUG-FREE ZONES § 122-6
128:57

ARTICLE I
Drug-Free School Zones
[Adopted 10-26-1988 by Ord. No. 14-1988]
§ 128-1. Adoption of map. [Amended 10-14-1998 by Ord. No.
10-1998; 7-14-1999 by Ord. No. 12-1999; 2-14-2007 by Ord. No.
2-2007]
In accordance with and pursuant to the authority of N.J.S.A. 2C:35-7,
N.J.S.A. 2C:35-7.1 and N.J.S.A. 39:4-50, the Drug-Free and DWI-Free School
Zone Map and the Drug-Free Zone Map produced and updated by Concord
Atlantic Engineers/Dixon Associates, Municipal Engineer, is hereby
approved and adopted as the official finding and record of the location
and areas within the municipality of property which is used for school
purposes and which is owned by or leased to any elementary or secondary
school or School Board and of the areas on or within 1,000 feet of such
school property and are also adopted as an official finding and record of
the location and areas within the municipality of property which is used as
public parks and/or bicycle paths, public libraries and public museums and
of the areas on or within 500 feet of such property.
§ 128-2. Map to constitute official finding. [Amended 7-14-1999 by
Ord. No. 12-1999; 2-14-2007 by Ord. No. 2-2007]
The Drug-Free and DWI-Free School Zone Map and Drug-Free Zone Map
approved and adopted pursuant to § 128-1 of this article shall continue to
constitute an official finding and record as to the location and boundaries
of areas on or within 1,000 feet of property owned by or leased to any
elementary or secondary school or School Board which is used for school
purposes and as to the location and boundaries of areas on or within
500 feet of property utilized as public parks and/or bicycle paths, public
libraries and public museums until such time, if any, that this article shall
be amended to reflect any additions or deletions with respect to the location
and boundaries of school property and drug-free and DWI-free school zones
and public parks/bicycle paths and public libraries and drug-free zones.
§ 128-3. Notification of changes. [Amended 7-14-1999 by Ord. No.
12-1999]
The School Board, or the chief administrative officer in the case of any
private or parochial school, is hereby directed and shall have the continuing
obligation to promptly notify the Municipal Engineer and the Municipal
Attorney of any changes or contemplated changes in the location and
boundaries of any property owned by or leased to any elementary or
secondary school or School Board and which is used for school purposes,
and the Municipal Clerk is directed and shall have the continuing obligation
to promptly notify the Municipal Engineer and the Municipal Attorney of
any changes or contemplated changes in the location and boundaries of any
property utilized as public parks, bicycle paths and public libraries.
§ 128-1 DRUG-FREE ZONES § 128-4
128:59
§ 128-4. Filing of map; copies.
The Clerk of the municipality is hereby directed to receive and to keep on
file the original of the map approved and adopted pursuant to § 128-1 of
this article and to provide at a reasonable cost a true copy thereof to any
person, agency or court which may, from time to time, request such a copy,
along with a certification that such copy is a true copy of the map approved
and adopted herein and kept on file. It is hereby further directed that a true
copy of such map and of this article shall be provided without cost to the
County Clerk and to the office of the Atlantic County Prosecutor.
§ 128-5. Map as evidence in prosecution. [Amended 7-14-1999 by
Ord. No. 12-1999]
The following additional matters are hereby determined, declared, recited
and stated:
It is understood that the map approved and adopted pursuant to § 128-1
of this article was prepared and is intended to be used as evidence
in prosecutions arising under the criminal laws of this state and that
pursuant to state law, such map shall constitute prima facie evidence of
the following:
The location of elementary and secondary schools, municipal parks,
municipal bicycle paths and public libraries within the municipality.
(1)
The boundaries of real property which is owned by or leased to
such schools or a School Board, as well as the boundaries of public
parks, bicycle paths and public libraries.
(2)
That such school property is and continues to be used for school
purposes and that such public parks, bicycle paths and public
libraries continue to be utilized for those specified purposes.
(3)
The location and boundaries of areas which are on or within 1,000
feet of such school property.
(4)
The location and boundaries of areas which are on or within 500
feet of such public parks, bicycle paths and public libraries.
(5)
A.
All of the property depicted on the map approved and adopted herein
was owned by or leased to a school or School Board and was being used
for school purposes as of May 12, 1999, and all property depicted in the
map approved and adopted herein was being utilized as public parks,
bicycle paths and public libraries on May 12, 1999.
B.
Pursuant to the provisions of N.J.S.A. 2C:35-7 and N.J.S.A. 2C:35-7.1, a
prosecutor is not precluded from introducing or relying upon any other
evidence or testimony to establish a violation of the offense defined in
those statutes, including use of a map or diagram other than the one
approved and adopted pursuant to § 128-1 of this article. The failure
of the map approved herein to depict the location and boundaries of
C.
§ 128-4 LINWOOD CODE § 128-5
128:60
any property which is, in fact, used for school purposes and which
is owned or leased to any elementary or secondary school or School
Board or which is being utilized for public park purposes, public bicycle
path purposes or public library purposes, whether the absence of such
depiction is the result of inadvertent omission or the result of any
changes in the location and boundaries of such property which have
not yet been incorporated into a revised approved map, shall not be
deemed to be an official finding and record that such property is not
owned by or leased to a school or School Board or that such property is
not used for school purposes or that such property is not owned by the
municipality and utilized for purposes as public parks, public bicycle
paths and/or public libraries.
All of the requirements set forth in N.J.S.A. 2C:35-7 and N.J.S.A.
2C:35-7.1 concerning the preparation, approval and adoption of a Drug-
Free School Zone Map and Drug-Free Zone Map have been complied
with.
D.
§ 128-5 DRUG-FREE ZONES § 128-5
128:61
Chapter 145
FIREARMS
§ 145-1. Possession or discharge of firearms and weapons
prohibited.
No person shall discharge, nor shall any person have in his possession
any loaded firearm, crossbow, slingshot, air gun, spring gun, gas gun or
weapon of any other kind, nature or description while within 600 feet of any
occupied dwelling, school, school playground, or municipal park or building
within the City of Linwood. The provisions of this section shall be subject to
§ 145-2.
§ 145-2. Exceptions.
Section 145-1 of this chapter shall not apply to:
Chapter 159
GARAGE SALES, YARD SALES AND PRIVATE SALES
GENERAL REFERENCES
Licensed occupations — See Ch. 172. Mercantile licenses — See Ch. 179.
Law enforcement officers of any governmental agency while in the
performance of their duties.
A.
Members of any legally recognized military organization while in the
performance of their duties.
B.
Members of government or civilian rifle or pistol clubs duly organized
in accordance with the rules prescribed by the National Board for the
Promotion of Rifle Practice or the National Rifle Association, in going
to or from their several places of target practice, and carrying firearms
necessary for such practice, provided such firearms are unloaded, and
in discharging firearms as part of such practice, provided that a copy
of the club charter is filed with the Chief of Police and that the practice
range, if within the City, is approved by the Chief of Police as complying
with the nationally recognized standards for such ranges.
C.
Privately employed security personnel who are authorized by law to
carry firearms, while in the performance of their duties.
D.
Persons engaged in skeet or trap shooting on ranges approved by the
Chief of Police as complying with recognized standards for such ranges.
E.
Persons lawfully using firearms or other weapons in the protection of
person or property.
F.
§ 128-5 LINWOOD CODE § 145-2
145:62
§ 159-1. Definitions.
As used in this chapter, the following terms shall have the meanings
indicated:
PRIVATE SALES — A sale of items limited to unwanted, used, common
household goods by a private property owner, tenant or agent for a private
property. Private sales shall include but not be limited to garage sales, yard
sales, tag sales, and/or private auctions.[Amended 2-12-2002 by Ord. No.
3-2002]
§ 159-2. Private sales; permit required.
§ 159-3. Fees.
§ 159-4. Signage.
No signs for advertising or directing customers are to be posted on any
place other than the premises of the applicant. The sign is not to exceed two
feet by two feet in size and cannot be placed on the premises earlier than
one day prior to the sale and must be removed within 24 hours after the sale
has terminated.
No private sale or private auction shall be conducted within the
municipality unless a permit has first been issued by the Zoning Officer
(or his/her designee) permitting such sale or auction.
A.
No private sale or private auction shall be conducted within the
municipality except between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. on
the days for which the permit is issued.
No permit shall be issued for more than two consecutive days, and
no person other than an auctioneer shall be issued more than two
permits within a one-year period.
(1)
No more than two permits shall be issued to any one location within
a one-year period.
(2)
B.
The fee for a private sale (exclusive of auctions) conducted on private
premises shall be $5 per permit.
A.
The fee for a private auction conducted on private premises shall be $5
per day, plus $75 per day per auctioneer.
B.
Nothing herein contained shall apply to a sale held under a judicial
order, judgment or decree or a writ issued out of any court or sale to
enforce any lawful lien or power of sale.
C.
A daily fee and license shall be required for flea markets on commercial
or residential property within the City. The fee for such flea market shall
be $25 per day.
D.
§ 145-2 GARAGE SALES, YARD SALES AND PRIVATE § 159-5
159:63
§ 159-5. Violations and penalties.
Any person violating or failing to comply with any of the provisions of this
chapter shall, upon conviction thereof, be subject to a fine of not less than
$25 nor more than $500 and/or a period of community service not exceeding
30 days. Each day such violation is committed or permitted to continue shall
constitute a separate offense and shall be punishable as such.
Chapter 165
HAZARDOUS MATERIALS
GENERAL REFERENCES
Fire Department — See Ch. 30.
§ 159-5 LINWOOD CODE § 159-5
159:64
ARTICLE I
Reimbursement for Motor Vehicle Accident Cleanup Costs
[Adopted 9-24-2008 by Ord. No. 20-2008]
§ 165-1. Title.
This article shall be known as the "Motor Vehicle Accident Reimbursement
Ordinance."
§ 165-2. Authority to bill and seek reimbursement granted.
§ 165-3. Recognition of Volunteer Fire Company duties,
requirements and financial burden; alternative funding.
It is recognized that the duties of the City of Linwood Volunteer Fire
Company require specialized fire/safety/emergency/rescue/environmental/
hazardous material tools, equipment, materials, supplies and specialized
training in order to provide for the safety of the public served. Such
requirements, as well as the response to emergency situations involving,
and/or caused by, nonresident individuals, places a tremendous financial
burden on the City of Linwood Volunteer Fire Company. While taxes,
donations and grants, if applicable, may provide the fire companies
sufficient financial assistance to exist, in an effort to avoid the everincreasing
tax burdens of the residents of the City of Linwood, it is found
that the alternative source of funding, motor vehicle accident
reimbursement (i.e. response billing), is appropriate and should be
authorized.
§ 165-4. Authorization to recover costs granted.
The City of Linwood is authorized to recover the reasonable costs of the
use of emergency fire and/or rescue personnel hours, tools, equipment,
materials and vehicles; and/or hazardous material and/or environmental
response personnel hours, tools, equipment, materials and vehicles.
§ 165-5. Costs to be recovered by City of third-party billing service.
The City of Linwood shall have the authority to bill and seek
reimbursement of expenses for hazardous materials spill cleanups
incurred from motor vehicle accidents when the City of Linwood Fire
Department responds.
A.
The City, at its sole discretion, shall have the authority to authorize and
designate the Linwood Fire Department to complete and process the
billing. [Added 9-27-2011 by Ord. No. 14-2011]
B.
The reasonable costs authorized to be billed under this article may
be recovered directly by the City of Linwood or through a third-party
billing service as an authorized agent for the collection of such costs.
A.
§ 165-1 GARAGE SALES, YARD SALES AND PRIVATE § 165-5
159:65
§ 165-6. Reimbursement rate; service charges.
The reimbursement rates for the aforementioned costs shall be set at $250
by the billing entity. If a third-party billing service is utilized, said thirdparty
billing service shall be authorized to charge a service charge in
addition to the costs it is recovering for the City of Linwood. Said service
charge will be set by the third-party billing service.
§ 165-7. Payment due date; interest penalty.
All assessed charges, or portions thereof, not paid within 30 days after the
receipt of a statement of charges shall bear interest at the rate of 10$ per
annum until paid. If the statement of charges is delivered to the responsible
party by first-class mail, three days shall be added to the prescribed period
within which payment is to be made.
The Public Safety Committee of the City of Linwood shall determine
how the funds collected shall be distributed and allocated. [Added
9-27-2011 by Ord. No. 14-2011]
B.
§ 165-5 LINWOOD CODE § 165-7
159:66
Chapter 175
LITTERING
GENERAL REFERENCES
Canvassing and soliciting — See Ch. 111.
Parks and recreation areas — See Ch. 197.
Property maintenance — See Ch. 205.
Solid waste — See Ch. 235.
§ 175-1. Title.
This chapter shall be known and may be cited as the "Antilitter and Weed
Control Ordinance of the City of Linwood."
§ 175-2. Definitions.
For the purposes of this chapter, the following terms, phrases, words and
their derivations shall have the meanings given herein. When not
inconsistent with the context, words used in the present tense include the
future; words used in the plural number include the singular number, and
words used in the singular number include the plural number. The word
"shall" is always mandatory and not merely directory.
AIRCRAFT — Any contrivance now known or hereafter invented, used or
designated for navigation or for flight in the air. The word "aircraft" shall
include helicopters and lighter-than-air dirigibles and balloons.
AUTHORIZED PRIVATE RECEPTACLE — A litter storage and collection
receptacle.
CITY — The City of Linwood, New Jersey.
COMMERCIAL HANDBILL — Any printed or written matter, any sample
or device, dodger, circular, leaflet, pamphlet, paper, booklet or any other
printed or otherwise reproduced original or copies of any matter of
literature:
Which advertises for sale any merchandise, product, commodity or
thing.
A.
Which directs attention to any business or mercantile or commercial
establishment, or other activity, for the purpose of either directly or
indirectly promoting the interest thereof by sales.
B.
Which directs attention to or advertises any meeting, theatrical
performance, exhibition or event of any kind for which an admission fee
is charged for the purpose of private gain or profit; but the terms of this
clause shall not apply where an admission fee is charged or a collection
is taken up for the purpose of defraying the expenses incident to such
meeting, theatrical performance, exhibition, or event of any kind, when
either of the same is held, given or takes place in connection with the
C.
§ 165-7 GARAGE SALES, YARD SALES AND PRIVATE § 175-2
159:67
GARBAGE — Animal and vegetable wastes resulting from the handling,
preparation, cooking and consumption of food.
LITTER — "Garbage," "refuse" and "rubbish," as defined herein, and all
other waste material which, if thrown or deposited as herein prohibited,
tends to create a danger to public health, safety and welfare.
NEWSPAPER — For any "newspaper" of general circulation as defined by
general law, any "newspaper" duly entered with the Post Office Department
of the United States, in accordance with federal statute or regulation,
and any "newspaper" filed and recorded with any recording officer as
provided by general law; and, in addition thereto, shall mean and include
any periodical or current magazine regularly published with not less than
four issues per year and sold to the public.
NONCOMMERCIAL HANDBILL — Any printed or written matter, any
sample or device, dodger, circular, leaflet, pamphlet, newspaper, magazine,
paper, booklet or any other printed or otherwise reproduced original, or
copies of any matter of literature not included in the aforesaid definitions of
a "commercial handbill" or "newspaper."
PARK — A park, reservation, playground, boardwalk, beach, recreation
center or any other public area in the City owned or used by the City and
devoted to active or passive recreation.
PERSON — Any person, firm, partnership, association, corporation,
company or organization of any kind.
PRIVATE PREMISES — Any dwelling house, building or other structure
designed or used, either wholly or in part, for private residential purposes,
whether inhabited or temporarily or continuously uninhabited or vacant,
and shall include any yard, grounds, walk, driveway, porch, steps, vestibule
or mailbox belonging or appurtenant to such dwelling, house or building or
other structure.
PUBLIC PLACE — Any and all streets, sidewalks, beach, boardwalk,
boulevards, alleys or other public ways and any and all public parks,
squares, spaces, grounds and buildings.
REFUSE — All putrescible and nonputrescible solid wastes (except body
wastes), including garbage, rubbish, ashes, street cleanings, dead animals,
abandoned automobiles and solid market and industrial wastes.
dissemination of information which is not restricted under the ordinary
rules of decency, good morals, public peace, safety and good order;
provided, that nothing contained in this clause shalt be deemed to
authorize the holding, giving or taking place of any meeting, theatrical
performance, exhibition or event of any kind without a license, where
such license is or may be required by any law of this state, or under any
ordinance of this City.
Which, while containing reading matter other than advertising matter,
is predominantly and essentially an advertisement, and is distributed or
circulated for advertising purposes, or for the private benefit and gain
of any person so engaged as advertiser or distributor.
D.
§ 175-2 LINWOOD CODE § 175-2
159:68
RUBBISH — Nonputrescible solid wastes consisting of both combustible
and noncombustible wastes, such as paper, wrappings, cigarettes,
cardboard, tin cans, yard grass, clippings, leaves, wood, glass, bedding,
crockery and similar materials.
VEHICLE — Every device in, upon or by which any person or property is
or may be transported or drawn upon a highway, including devices used
exclusively upon stationary rails or tracks.
§ 175-3. Litter in public places.
§ 175-4. Placement of litter in receptacles to prevent scattering.
[Amended 3-28-1990 by Ord. No. 1-1990]
Person placing litter in public receptacles or in authorized private
receptacles shall do so in such manner as to prevent it from being carried or
deposited by the elements upon any street, sidewalk or other public place or
upon private property. Litter receptacles and their servicing are required in
the following locations: pedestrian walkways; shopping malls; active retail
commercially-zoned areas, such that at a minimum there should be no
single linear quarter mile without a receptacle; buildings held out for use
by the public, including schools, government buildings and railroad and
bus stations; parks; all street vendor locations; self-service refreshment
areas; construction sites; gasoline service station islands; shopping centers;
parking lots; marinas, boat moorage and fueling stations; boat-launching
areas; public and private piers operated for public use; beaches and bathing
areas; and at special events to which the public is invited, including sporting
events, parades, carnivals, circuses and festivals. Proprietors of these
places or the sponsors of these events shall be responsible for providing and
servicing the receptacles such that adequate containerization is available.
§ 175-5. Sweeping litter into gutters prohibited.
No person shall throw or deposit litter in or upon any street, sidewalk,
beach, boardwalk or other public place or upon any private property,
without complying with the State Sanitary Code for landfills, within the
City, except in public receptacles, in authorized private receptacles for
collection or in official City dumps.
A.
However, the depositing of litter is hereby permitted in and upon any
street, sidewalk and/or curb, provided that the litter has been deposited
in a reasonable manner and reasonable place for purposes of collection
by the City Street Department or any other authorized agency of the
City of Linwood concerned with the collection and/or disposal of litter.
B.
No person shall sweep into or deposit in any gutter, street or other
public place within the City the accumulation of litter from any building
or lot or from any public or private sidewalk or driveway. Persons
owning or occupying property shall keep the sidewalk in front of their
premises free of litter.
A.
§ 175-2 GARAGE SALES, YARD SALES AND PRIVATE § 175-5
159:69
§ 175-6. Merchants' duty to keep sidewalks free of litter.
No person owning or occupying a place of business shall sweep into or
deposit in any gutter, street or other public place within the City the
accumulation of litter from any building or lot or from any public or private
sidewalk or driveway. Persons owning or occupying places of business
within the City shall keep the sidewalk in front of their business premises
free of litter.
§ 175-7. Litter thrown by persons in vehicles.
No person, while a driver or passenger in a vehicle, shall throw or deposit
litter upon any street or other public place within the City or upon private
property.
§ 175-8. Truckloads causing litter. [Amended 3-28-1990 by Ord. No.
1-1990]
No person shall drive or move any vehicle or other vehicle within the City
unless such vehicle is so constructed, loaded or covered as to prevent any
load, contents or litter from being blown or deposited upon any street, alley
or other public place, nor shall any person drive or move any vehicle or
truck within the City, the wheels or tires of which carry into or deposit in
any street, alley or other public place, mud, dirt, sticky substances, litter or
foreign matter of any kind.
§ 175-9. Litter in parks.
No person shall throw or deposit litter in any park within the City except
in public receptacles and in such a manner that the litter will be prevented
from being carried or deposited by the elements upon any part of the park
or upon any street or other public place. Where public receptacles are
not provided, all such litter shall be carried away from the park by the
person responsible for its presence and properly disposed of elsewhere, as
provided herein.
§ 175-10. Litter in fountains and other bodies of water.
No person shall throw or deposit litter in any fountain, pond, bay, stream or
any other body of water in a park or elsewhere within the City.
However, the depositing of litter is hereby permitted in and upon any
street, sidewalk and/or curb, provided that the litter has been deposited
in a reasonable manner and reasonable place for purposes of collection
by the City Street Department or any other authorized agency of the
City of Linwood concerned with the collection and/or disposal of litter.
B.
§ 175-5 LINWOOD CODE § 175-11
159:70
§ 175-11. Throwing or distributing commercial handbills in public
places.
No person shall throw or deposit any commercial or noncommercial
handbill in or upon any sidewalk, street or other public place within the City,
nor shall any person hand out or distribute or sell any commercial handbill
in any public place. Provided, however, that it shall not be unlawful on any
sidewalk, street or other public place within the City for any person to hand
out or distribute, without charge to the receiver thereof, said material to
any person willing to accept it.
§ 175-12. Placing commercial and noncommercial handbills on
vehicles.
No person shall throw or deposit any commercial or noncommercial
handbill in or upon any vehicle. Provided, however, that it shall not be
unlawful in any public place for a person to hand out or distribute, without
charge to the receiver thereof, a noncommercial handbill to any occupant of
a vehicle who is willing to accept it.
§ 175-13. Depositing commercial and noncommercial handbills on
uninhabited or vacant premises.
No person shall throw or deposit any commercial or noncommercial
handbill in or upon any private premises which are temporarily or
continuously uninhabited or vacant.
§ 175-14. Prohibiting distribution of handbills where properly
posted.
No person shall throw or deposit or distribute any commercial or
noncommercial handbill upon any private premises, if requested by anyone
thereon not to do so, or if there is placed on said premises in a conspicuous
position, near the entrance thereof, a sign bearing the words: "No
Trespassing," "No Peddlers or Agents," "No Advertisement," or any similar
notice indicating in any manner that the occupants of said premises do not
desire to be molested or have their right of privacy disturbed, or to have any
such handbills left upon such premises.
§ 175-15. Distributing commercial and noncommercial handbills at
inhabited private premises.
No person shall throw, deposit or distribute any commercial or
noncommercial handbill in or upon private premises which are inhabited,
except by handing or transmitting any such handbill directly to the owner,
occupant or other person then present in or upon such private premises.
Provided, however, that in case of inhabited private premises which are
not posted, as provided in this chapter, such person, unless requested by
anyone upon such premises not to do so, may place or deposit any such
handbill in or upon such inhabited private premises if such handbill is so
placed or deposited as to be secure, or to prevent such handbill from being
§ 175-11 GARAGE SALES, YARD SALES AND PRIVATE § 175-15
159:71
blown or drifted about such premises or sidewalks, streets or other public
places, and except that mailboxes may not be so used when so prohibited
by federal postal law or regulations.
§ 175-16. Dropping litter from aircraft.
No person in an aircraft shall throw out, drop or deposit within the City any
litter, handbill or any other object.
§ 175-17. Posting notices prohibited.
No person shall post or affix any notice, poster or other paper or device,
calculated to attract the attention of the public, to any lamp post, publicutility
pole or shade tree, or upon any public structure or building, except
as may be authorized or required by law.
§ 175-18. Litter on occupied private property.
No person shall throw or deposit litter on any occupied private property
within the City, whether owned by such person or not, except that the owner
or person in control of private property may maintain authorized private
receptacles for collection in such a manner that litter will be prevented from
being carried or deposited by the elements upon street, sidewalk or other
public place or upon any private property.
§ 175-19. Owner to maintain premises free of litter.
The owner or person in control of any private property shall at all times
maintain the premises free of litter. Provided, however, that this section
shall not prohibit storage of litter in authorized receptacles for collection.
§ 175-20. Litter on vacant lots.
No person shall throw or deposit litter on any open or vacant private
property within the City, whether owned by such person or not.
§ 175-21. Clearing of litter from open private property by City.
Exemption for mail and newspapers. The provisions of this section
shall not apply to the distribution of mail by the United States, nor to
newspapers (as defined herein), except that newspapers shall be placed
on private property in such a manner as to prevent their being carried
or deposited by the elements upon any street, sidewalk or other public
place or upon private property.
A.
Notice to remove. The Health Department is hereby authorized and
empowered to notify the owner of any open or vacant private property
within the City, or the agent of such owner, to properly dispose of litter
located on such owner's property which is dangerous to public health,
safety or welfare. Such notice shall be by registered mail, addressed to
said owner at his last known address.
A.
§ 175-15 LINWOOD CODE § 175-21
159:72
§ 175-22. Discard of solid waste in undesignated areas prohibited.
[Added 3-28-1990 by Ord. No. 1-1990]
No person shall discard or dump any household or commercial solid waste
in any place not specifically designated for the purpose of solid waste
storage or disposal.
Action upon noncompliance. Upon the failure, neglect or refusal of any
owner or agent so notified to properly dispose of litter dangerous to the
public health, safety or welfare within 10 days after receipt of written
notice provided for in Subsection A. above, or within 15 days after the
date of such notice, in the event the same is returned to the City Post
Office Department because of its inability to make delivery thereof,
provided the same was properly addressed to the last known address of
such owner or agent, the Health Department is hereby authorized and
empowered to pay for the disposing of such litter or to order its disposal
by the City.
B.
Charge included in tax bill. When the City has effected the removal
of such dangerous litter, or has paid for its removal, the actual costs
thereof, plus accrued interest at the rate of 6% per annum from the date
of the completion of the work, if not paid by such owner prior thereto,
shall be charged to the owner of such property on the next regular tax
bill forwarded to such owner by the City, and said charge shall be due
and payable by said owner at the time of payment of such bill.
C.
Recorded statement constitutes lien. Where the full amount due the
City is not paid by such owner within 30 days after the disposal of
such litter, as provided for in Subsections A and B, above, then and in
that case, the Health Department shall cause to be recorded in the Tax
Collector's office of the City a sworn statement showing the cost and
expense incurred for the work, the date the work was done and the
location of the property on which said work was done, The recordation
of such sworn statement shall constitute a lien and privilege on the
property and shall remain in full force and effect for the amount due
in principal and interest, plus costs of court, if any, for collection,
until final payment has been made. Said costs and expenses shall be
collected in the manner fixed by law for the collection of taxes and,
further, shall be subject to a delinquent penalty of 8% in the event
same is not paid in full on or before the date the tax bill upon which
said charge appears becomes delinquent. Sworn statements recorded
in accordance with the provisions hereof shall be prima facie evidence
that all legal formalities have been complied with and that the work
has been done properly and satisfactorily, and shall be full notice to
every person concerned that the amount of the statement, plus interest,
constitutes a charge against the property designated or described in
the statement, and that the same is due and collectible, as provided by
law. Said lien may be sold and assigned or foreclosed upon by the City
in the same manner and to the same extent as a lien for unpaid taxes
assessed on said property.
D.
§ 175-21 GARAGE SALES, YARD SALES AND PRIVATE § 175-23
159:73
§ 175-23. Weed control.
§ 175-23.1. Construction sites. [Added 9-25-2013 by Ord. No.
19-2013]
It shall be unlawful for any property owner, agent, or contractor that
is in responsible charge of a construction or demolition site to permit
the accumulation of litter before, during, or after the completion of any
construction or demolition project. Accordingly, it shall be the responsibility
of any property owner, agent, or contractor in responsible charge of a
construction or demolition site to comply with the following:
A code declaring ragweed and poison ivy to be a nuisance, providing for
removal or abatement thereof and recovery of expenses incurred by the
Board of Health in removing or abating such nuisance, and prescribing
penalties for violations, is hereby established pursuant to Chapter 188,
Laws of 1950. A copy of said code is annexed hereto and made a part
hereof without the inclusion of the text thereof herein.
A.
Said code established and adopted by this chapter is described and
commonly known as the "Weed Control Code of New Jersey (1953)."
B.
Three copies of said "Weed Control Code of New Jersey (1953)" have
been placed on file in the office of the Chairman of this local Board
of Health upon the introduction of this chapter and will remain on
file there for the use and examination of the public so long as said
ordinance is in effect.
C.
Furnish containers adequate to accommodate flyable material or
nonflyable debris and/or trash at areas on the construction or
demolition site convenient to the active area of construction or
demolition; and to maintain and empty said containers in such a manner
and with such frequency as to prevent spillage or wind-driven transport
of such material and/or debris. The Construction Official may require
covering of container if frequency of emptying is determined by said
Construction Official not to be adequate.
A.
Erect a solid wood or plastic construction fence a minimum of two feet
in height seated firmly on the existing grade about the entire perimeter
of the construction site.
B.
Store all material, supplies, equipment, and machinery on the
construction site with proper security lighting.
C.
Should portable toilets be utilized, said units shall be located fully
within the construction fencing on such property with the entrance
door to the unit facing away from the street right-of-way. Under no
circumstances shall the unit be placed within any municipal or county
street right-of-way.
D.
§ 175-23 LINWOOD CODE § 175-23.1
159:74
§ 175-24. Violations and penalties.
§ 175-25. Repealer.
Ordinance No. 37-1 et seq., enacted on June 14, 1967, entitled "Property
Care and Maintenance" is hereby repealed.
Chapter 183
NUISANCES
GENERAL REFERENCES
Land use procedures — See Ch. 41.
Brush, grass and weeds — See Ch. 99.
Unsafe buildings — See Ch. 106.
Uniform construction codes — See Ch. 119.
Flood hazard areas — See Ch. 155.
Property maintenance — See Ch. 205.
Zoning — See Ch. 277.
Provide a mechanism for control of vermin if determined by
Construction Official that the site is the cause for vermin reported to
said office.
E.
Any person violating any of the provisions of this chapter shall, upon
conviction in the Municipal Court of Linwood, be punished for each
offense by a fine not to exceed $200 or by imprisonment for any term
not exceeding 90 days in the county jail or in any place provided by
the municipality for the detention of prisoners, or both. The Municipal
Court Judge before whom any person is convicted of violating this
chapter shall have power to impose any fine or term of imprisonment
not exceeding the maximum fixed in this chapter.
A.
In default of the payment of any fine imposed hereunder, any person
convicted of any violation may, in the discretion of the Municipal Court
Judge by whom he was convicted, be imprisoned in the county jail
or place of detention provided by the municipality for any term not
exceeding 90 days.
B.
§ 175-23.1 GARAGE SALES, YARD SALES AND PRIVATE § 175-25
159:75

ARTICLE I
Prohibitions
§ 183-1. Prohibited uses.
No trade, industry or use is permitted which may unreasonably create
gas, odors, obnoxious vapor, smoke, dust, pollution, noise, vibration,
heat, glare, flashes, objectionable effluent, electrical interference,
unsightly conditions or other conditions, including quantities of solid
or liquid waste detrimental to the environment or the public health,
safety or general welfare, or which may adversely affect or impair
the normal use and peaceful enjoyment of any property, structure or
dwelling located in any district. No use shall be permitted in any zone
in the City of Linwood until the applicant for such use shall first supply
satisfactory evidence to the Planning Board, where requested, that its
operation is and will continue to be free from hazard and nuisance
characteristics as set forth herein. [Amended 4-11-2018 by Ord. No.
6-2018]
A.
Noise.
General prohibition. No person shall make, continue or cause or
permit to be made or continued any unnecessary noise in any zone
within the City of Linwood.
(1)
Enumeration of unnecessary noises.
Unless exempted under the provisions of this subsection, no
person shall cause to be made, directly or indirectly, any loud
noise which disturbs, injures or endangers the health, comfort,
safety or welfare of others within the City of Linwood.
(a)
The following specific acts are declared to be loud, disturbing
and unnecessary noises in violation of this subsection, but said
enumeration shall not be deemed to be exclusive:
Horns, signaling devices, etc. The sounding of any horn or
signaling device on any automobile, motorcycle, bus, truck
or other vehicle on any street or public or private place,
except as a warning pursuant to the provisions of N.J.S.A.
39:3-69, or any whistle or other device operated by engine
exhaust and the use of any such signaling device when
traffic is held up for any reason.
[1]
Radio and television sets, stereos, etc. The use of radio
or television receiving sets, musical instruments, stereos
or any other machine or device for the producing or
reproducing of sound in such manner as to disturb the
peace, quiet and comfort of the neighboring inhabitants
or at any time with volume louder than is necessary for
the convenient hearing of the person or persons who are
in the room or vehicle in which such machine or device
[2]
(b)
(2)
B.
§ 183-1 GARAGE SALES, YARD SALES AND PRIVATE § 183-1
159:77
is operated and who are voluntary listeners thereto. The
operation of any such device between the hours of 9:00
p.m. and 7:00 a.m., Monday through Saturday, and prior
to 9:00 a.m. and subsequent to 6:00 p.m. on Sunday, in
such a manner as to be plainly audible at a distance of
50 feet from the building, structure or vehicle in which
it is located or, in the case of such instruments operated
in the open, at a distance of 50 feet from the instrument
shall create a rebuttable presumption of a violation of this
section. [Amended 10-24-2018 by Ord. No. 21-2018]
Loudspeakers; amplifiers for advertising: the use of any
radio receiving set, musical instrument, phonograph,
loudspeakers, sound amplifier or other machine or device
for the producing or reproducing of sound which is cast
upon the public streets for purpose of commercial
advertising.
[3]
Hawkers; peddlers: the shouting and crying of peddlers,
hawkers and vendors which disturbs the peace and quiet
of the neighborhood.
[4]
Schools; courts; churches: the creation of any excessive
noise adjacent to any school, institution of learning, house
of worship or judicial court while the same is in use,
provided that the conspicuous signs are displayed on the
adjacent streets indicating that the same is a school,
church or court street.
[5]
Drums, bells and the like: the use of any drum, bell, horn,
loudspeaker or other instrument or device for the purpose
of attracting attention to any performance, show or sale
or the display of merchandise by any creation of noise or
sound.
[6]
Mobile loudspeakers: the use of mechanical loudspeakers
or amplifiers on vehicles or aircraft for commercial
advertising purposes.
[7]
Yelling, shouting and the like on public streets: yelling,
shouting, hooting, whistling or singing on the public
streets at any time or place so as to annoy or disturb the
quiet comfort or repose of persons in any office, dwelling,
hotel, motel or other type of residence or any persons in
the vicinity.
[8]
Yelling, shouting and the like in private residences: yelling,
shouting, hooting, whistling or singing in private
residences or places in such manner as to disturb the
peace, quiet and comfort of the neighboring inhabitants.
Any voluntary participant in such conduct who creates,
[9]
§ 183-1 LINWOOD CODE § 183-1
159:78
in whole or in part, the prescribed conduct shall be a
violator of this subsection to the same degree as the actual
perpetrator. Yelling, shouting, hooting, whistling or
singing between the hours of 8:00 p.m. and 7:00 a.m.
Monday through Saturday, and prior to 9:00 a.m. and
subsequent to 6:00 p.m. on Sunday, in such a manner as to
be plainly audible at a distance of 50 feet from the private
residence or place shall create a rebuttal presumption of a
violation of this subsection.
A commercial establishment, which is licensed and
authorized to sell alcoholic beverages, from which loud
noise emanates as a result of musical instruments, bands,
mechanical musical devices and/or any sound
reproduction device, including but not limited to
megaphones, air horns and whistles, live entertainment
or patrons, from either the inside or any outside portion
of such establishment, shall be in violation of this section
whenever such noise is significantly audible, to be
determined at the sole discretion of the enforcing
authority, at a distance of 100 feet from the place where
it emanates between the hours of 11:00 p.m. and 11:00
a.m. of the following day. [Added 10-24-2018 by Ord.
No. 21-2018]
[10]
§ 183-1 GARAGE SALES, YARD SALES AND PRIVATE § 183-1
159:79

ARTICLE II
Construction, Delivery, and Other Services
§ 183-2. Construction and demolition.
Operating or permitting to be operated any tools or equipment used in
construction, drilling, excavating or demolition work is prohibited between
the hours of 8:00 p.m. and 7:00 a.m. Monday through Saturday, and prior
to 9:00 a.m. and subsequent to 6:00 p.m. on Sunday, when the sound
therefrom creates a noise disturbance across a residential real property
line, except for emergency repairs to one's property.
§ 183-3. Delivery, services and maintenance.
Loading and unloading. The loading, unloading, opening, closing or
other handling of boxes, crates, containers, building materials, liquids,
garbage cans or similar objects or the pneumatic or pumped loading
or unloading of bulk material or the pickup or compacting of refuse by
persons engaged in the business of garbage collection, whether private
or municipal, is prohibited prior to 7:00 a.m. or after 8:00 p.m., Monday
through Saturday, or prior to 9:00 a.m. or after 6:00 p.m. on Sundays.
A.
Power lawn equipment. Operating any power lawn equipment by any
person or corporation or any power equipment used for the
maintenance of trees, bushes, hedges, edging or any other types of
landscaping is prohibited between the hours of 8:00 p.m. and 7:00
a.m., Monday through Saturday, and prior to 9:00 a.m. and subsequent
to 6:00 p.m. on Sunday, when the sound therefrom creates a noise
disturbance across a residential real property line.
B.
Smoke. Smoke emitted into the open air in violation of the standards
established by the Environmental Protection Agency or the Department
of Environmental Protection or their successors, or in violation of any
local chapter, shall be deemed a nuisance.
C.
Glare. Any use or operation producing a glare or flash visible from any
property line shall be deemed a nuisance.
D.
§ 183-2 GARAGE SALES, YARD SALES AND PRIVATE § 183-3
159:81

ARTICLE III
Exceptions
§ 183-4. Exceptions enumerated.
The prohibitions contained in this chapter shall not apply to persons:
Who are engaged in the performance of any public or governmental
function, such as the sounding of a church or school bell or a police,
fire, ambulance, air raid or like disaster warning, alert or alarm,
whether such alarm shall be for an actual emergency purpose or for
practice or drilling purposes;
A.
Who are engaged in any activity specifically permitted or required by
any chapter, resolution, statute or governmental regulation; or
B.
Employed by public utility companies engaged in emergency repair
service; provided, however, that such noise does not exceed levels
reasonably necessary to accomplish such work.
C.
§ 183-4 GARAGE SALES, YARD SALES AND PRIVATE § 183-4
159:83

ARTICLE IV
Penalties
§ 183-5. Violations and penalties.
Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this chapter shall,
upon conviction, be punished by a fine not to exceed $1,000 or by a period
of community service not to exceed 90 days, or any combination of the
foregoing.
§ 183-5 GARAGE SALES, YARD SALES AND PRIVATE § 183-5
159:85
Chapter 187
OBSCENE MATERIALS
§ 187-1. Distribution or display prohibited.
The commercial distribution or commercial display of obscene materials or
acts to anyone, including consenting adults, is hereby prohibited.
§ 187-2. Enumeration of obscene materials and acts.
Obscene materials and acts are hereby defined as follows:
Films and moving pictures. A film or moving picture is obscene if, when
considered as a whole, its calculated purpose or dominant effect is:
Substantially to arouse sexual desires, whether natural or
unnatural, and if the probability of this effect is so great as to
outweigh whatever other merits the film may possess.
(1)
To portray acts of sexual immorality or lewdness as profitable,
desirable, acceptable or proper behavior.
(2)
(3) To advocate the illegal use of narcotics or habit-forming drugs.
A.
Photographs, paintings, illustrations. A photograph, painting or
illustration is obscene if it portrays human sexual intercourse,
homosexual acts, sadistic sexual acts, sexual acts between man and
beast or human sexual organs. (Breasts shall not be considered sexual
organs for the purpose of this subsection). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, a photograph, painting or illustration which portrays human
sexual organs is not obscene if it is a part of a medical textbook; or
it is a work of art, the original or a copy of which has been displayed
by a museum receiving public funds, or (if by a less-renowned artist)
the subject of which is the human body as a whole without particular
emphasis on its sexual parts, and if considered as a whole, its calculated
purpose or dominant effect is not to substantially arouse sexual desires,
whether natural or unnatural, so as to outweigh whatever other merits
it may possess.
B.
Books and magazines. A book or magazine containing photographs,
paintings or illustrations of the type defined as obscene in Subsection B
is obscene if, considered as a whole, its calculated purpose or dominant
effect is substantially to arouse sexual desires, whether natural or
unnatural, and if the probability of this effect is so great as to outweigh
whatever other merits it may possess. A book or magazine containing
no photographs, paintings or illustrations shall not be considered
obscene for purposes of this chapter.
C.
Objects. An object is obscene if it is by itself a recognizable
reproduction of a sexual organ (including breasts) or if some part of it
D.
§ 183-5 LINWOOD CODE § 187-2
187:86
§ 187-3. Commercial distribution or display defined.
§ 187-4. Prior review of films and moving pictures; Review
Committee.
consists of a recognizable reproduction of sexual organs substantially
exaggerated in size or appearance.
Acts. An act is obscene if it involves the naked display of sexual organs
(including breasts), or if it is explicitly suggestive of sexual acts or if it
involves sexual acts.
E.
A commercial distribution is any transfer or possession, whether
permanent or temporary, for any valuable consideration, whether the
valuable consideration is paid by the recipient of the obscene material
or by another. Where obscene material is transferred incident to
another commercial transaction, it is a commercial distribution
whether or not the parties state that the valuable consideration is paid
in part for the obscene material.
A.
A commercial display is the exhibition of obscene material to the senses
of another person for valuable consideration, whether the valuable
consideration is paid by the recipient of the exhibition or by another.
Where obscene material is exhibited incident to another commercial
transaction, it is a commercial display, whether or not the parties state
that the valuable consideration is paid in part for the obscene exhibit.
B.
Any person desiring to make commercial distribution or commercial
display of a film or moving picture which he has reason to believe
may be obscene shall first submit it for inspection by the Review
Committee, consisting of the Mayor, a consenting elected or appointed
officer of the City of Linwood and a consenting resident of said City
who is registered to vote therein; the latter two to be appointed by and
to serve at the pleasure of said Mayor without compensation, which
Review Committee shall act by a majority of the members thereof.
A.
The applicant shall give the Review Committee written notice of his
intention to submit any film or moving picture for inspection. Said
notice shall be delivered to the Review Committee or to the City Clerk
and shall contain the applicant's name, address within the City and
telephone number where he can be reached during business hours.
Within 24 hours (Saturdays, Sundays and holidays excepted) of receipt
of said notice the Review Committee shall make itself available to
said applicant during business hours for the purpose of inspecting the
film or moving picture. The Review Committee shall reasonably notify
the applicant of the appointed time either by telephone or by written
notice left at the address within the City stated by the applicant. (The
failure of the applicant to cooperate in any way in arranging a time
for inspection within said 24 hours shall not relieve said applicant
of the duty to submit the film or moving picture for inspection as
soon thereafter as possible and prior to any commercial distribution
B.
§ 187-2 OBSCENE MATERIALS § 187-4
187:87
§ 187-5. Violations and penalties.
Anyone having violated § 187-1 of this chapter shall be subject to
imprisonment in the county jail for a period not exceeding 90 days or to
a fine not exceeding $500, or both. Anyone having violated § 187-4 of this
chapter, and the film or moving picture having been adjudged obscene in
a court of law in the same or a separate proceedings, shall be subject
to a separate penalty of imprisonment in the county jail for a period not
exceeding 90 days or a fine not exceeding $500, or both. Each separate
film, moving picture, photograph, painting, illustration, book, magazine,
object or act (and each issue of them) which is commercially distributed
or commercially displayed shall constitute a separate offense under this
chapter. Each separate commercial distribution or commercial display,
whether to different persons or to the same person, shall constitute a
separate offense under this chapter.
§ 187-6. Interpretation and enforcement.
Notwithstanding any other section, clause or provision of this chapter to
the contrary, the definitions of "obscene" and "obscenity," for all purposes
of interpretation and enforcement of this chapter, shall be construed in
accordance with and in no event more strictly than the criteria set forth
in C. 449 L. 1971 of the Laws of New Jersey (effective February 16, 1972,
as N.J.S.A. 2A:115-1.1),6 as same shall be from time to time amended
or commercial display.) The applicant shall bring the film or moving
picture, together with any necessary projector, screen and operating
personnel, to the Review Committee or City Clerk at the City Hall of
the City of Linwood, Poplar Avenue and New Road, City of Linwood,
New Jersey, whereupon the applicant shall show the film or moving
picture for the inspection of the Review Committee. Within 72 hours
(Saturdays, Sundays and holidays excepted) of the termination of said
inspection the Review Committee shall either inform the applicant in
writing that the film or moving picture is not obscene and therefore
that it may be commercially distributed or commercially displayed
without fear of prosecution under this chapter, or inform the applicant
in writing that the commercial distribution or commercial display of
said film or moving picture has been refused and that the City will
seek to have the same enjoined if necessary because of its obscene
character.
It shall be a violation of this section to make commercial distribution
or commercial display of any obscene film or moving picture prior to
the expiration of said seventy-two-hour period. Nothing herein shall
prevent the applicant from making commercial distribution or
commercial display of said film or moving picture after the end of said
seventy-two-hour period, subject to any judicial restraints imposed, and
further subject to any penalties under § 187-5 of this chapter should
said film or moving picture ultimately be adjudged obscene by a court
of law.
C.
§ 187-4 LINWOOD CODE § 187-6
187:88
or supplemented, as well as in accordance with and not more strictly
than judicial interpretations thereof pursuant to the Constitutions of the
United States and of the State of New Jersey finally concluded in courts of
jurisdiction sufficient to render decisions on constitutional questions having
general application.
Chapter 203
PORTABLE TOILETS
§ 203-1. Toilets required.
In accordance with the National Standard Plumbing Code 311.1 of the State
of New Jersey, toilet facilities shall be provided at all construction sites
for workers, and such facilities shall be maintained in a sanitary condition.
In the event toilet facilities are not available, a portable toilet must be
provided by the owner or agent for the property. Construction worker toilet
facilities of the non-sewer type shall conform to ANSIZ4.3.
§ 203-2. Permit required; posting.
§ 203-3. Length of use restricted.
A portable toilet shall be allowed only for temporary use. The permit for a
portable toilet shall expire as provided therein or with the building permit
or within 10 days of receipt of the certificate of occupancy/approval, unless
specific relief is granted by the Zoning Officer.
No person, firm or corporation shall hereafter place or install a portable
toilet within the City of Linwood without first obtaining a permit, at a
cost of $50, from the Construction Department. If the permit is for a
limited period of use of 72 hours or less, then the permit fee shall be
$10. Said applicant shall provide the following information as part of
the permit application procedures:
(1) Name, address and telephone number of the owner of the property.
(2) Owner, owner’s address and telephone number of portable toilets.
(3) Proposed location of toilets.
(4) Dates during which toilets are to be provided.
(5) Emptying and maintenance procedures.
A.
B. Such permit shall be posted in a conspicuous place on the premises.
6. Editor's Note: Former N.J.S.A. 2A:115-1.1 was repealed by L. 1971, c. 446.
§ 187-6 OBSCENE MATERIALS § 203-4
187:89
§ 203-4. Permitted uses.
The portable toilet is intended to be used and to be permitted for such
purposes as sport events, picnics, parades, public gatherings, construction
operations and other similar purposes where other toilet facilities are not
available and the need for toilet facilities exists.
§ 203-5. Location.
§ 203-6. Design requirements.
Portable toilets shall have watertight, completely closed tanks for storage of
wastes, shall be flyproof, shall be adequately vented and shall be provided
with cleanable seats.
§ 203-7. Nuisances.
No person shall maintain a septic tank, cesspool, privy or portable toilet
which creates a nuisance as a result of overflow, lack of absorption, or faulty
design or construction.
§ 203-8. Emptying septic tanks, privies, cesspools or portable
toilets.
Every person, firm or corporation engaged in the business of cleaning
or emptying septic tanks, privies, cesspools, or portable toilets shall use,
in such instances, a suitable vehicle properly provided with watertight,
completely closed tanks or boxes, designed to prevent leakage onto the
street or highways within the City and further designed to prevent the
escape of offensive odors into the atmosphere.
§ 203-9. Receptacles for human waste.
No person shall maintain, use or permit to be used, any receptacle for
human waste, unless such receptacle is so constructed and maintained that
flies cannot gain access to the excremental matter contained therein, and
unless such wastes shall, at all times, be prevented from flowing over or
upon the surface of the ground.
All portable toilets are required to comply with the following setbacks:
(1) Minimum front or rear setback of 10 feet.
(2) Minimum side yard setback of 10 feet.
(3) Minimum setback of 20 feet from any public or private cartway.
Minimum setback from any commercial food service operation of
200 feet.
(4)
A.
At no time shall the portable toilet be a nuisance to the health and
general welfare of the residents of the City of Linwood.
B.
§ 203-4 LINWOOD CODE § 203-10
187:90
§ 203-10. Disposal of waste matter.
The waste matter from all portable chemical toilets shall be properly
disposed of and treated at a sewage treatment facility, and no wastes from
a portable chemical toilet shall be otherwise disposed of within the limits of
the City of Linwood.
§ 203-11. Violations and penalties.
Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this
chapter shall be subject to an immediate violation and fine of $100 for
the first offense, $200 for the second offense and $500 for the third or
subsequent offenses.
§ 203-12. Enforcement.
The provisions of this chapter may be enforced by the Construction Official,
Code Enforcement Officer, Zoning Officer or a police officer of the City of
Linwood.
Chapter 228
SMOKING
§ 203-10 SMOKING § 203-12
228:91

ARTICLE I
Restaurants
[Adopted 5-10-2000 by Ord. No. 10-2000]
§ 228-1. Definitions.
As used in this article, the following terms shall have the meanings
indicated:
ADEQUATE VENTILATION — An enclosed area (as defined below) or a
sufficiently separated area which shall be properly ventilated to prevent
smoke from entering areas designated as nonsmoking.
ENCLOSED AREAS — A space between floor and ceiling which is enclosed
on all sides by solid walls, exclusive of windows and doors, which extend
from the floor to the ceiling and which has adequate ventilation as defined
above. Partitions, partial walls, dividers and/or other devices may be
sufficient to constitute an enclosed area or a sufficiently separated area as
determined by the City of Linwood Board of Health or by its designee (i.e.,
Board of Health Inspector).
LIQUOR LICENSE — A specialized license to distribute or sell alcoholic
beverages in a lawful manner, as provided by N.J.S.A. Title 33 and/or all
other applicable laws of the State of New Jersey.
RESTAURANT — An establishment which is primarily devoted to the sale,
service or preparation of food for patrons or customers who may consume
same on or off the premises, whether at a counter, window or table, whether
standing or seated. The term "restaurant" includes but is not limited to,
diners, coffee shops, bagel shops, pizzerias, sandwich shops, candy stores,
gourmet shops, cafeterias, including school cafeterias, fast-food
restaurants, catering establishments and/or any other similar
establishments of whatsoever nature. The application of this article shall
be conditioned upon whether the restaurant has a liquor license as defined
above.
SMOKING or TO SMOKE — The act of inhaling, exhaling, burning or
carrying any lighted cigarette, cigar, pipe, weed, plant or other combustible
substance in any manner or in any form, including but not limited to tobacco
or similar products.
§ 228-2. Smoking prohibited or restricted; exceptions.
Smoking shall be prohibited or restricted as follows:
Restaurants. In general, smoking shall be prohibited in all restaurants
in the City of Linwood.
A.
Exceptions. Smoking shall not be prohibited from the following areas:
Restaurants with liquor licenses. Smoking is not prohibited from
restaurants with liquor licenses, provided that said restaurants
have designated smoking areas. The designated smoking areas
(1)
B.
§ 228-1 SMOKING § 228-2
228:93
§ 228-3. Posting of signs.
There shall be posted in every entrance of every restaurant a conspicuous
sign clearly stating that smoking is prohibited, either by a sign indicating
"No Smoking" or by the international no smoking symbol. For restaurants
with liquor licenses, the aforedescribed sign shall instead state that there
is designated "Smoking and Nonsmoking" areas within its establishment.
Restaurants with liquor licenses shall additionally display conspicuous signs
clearly depicting what portion of its restaurant is Smoking and Nonsmoking.
Signs shall be available through the Board of Health upon request. Should
comparable signs be desired, same must first be submitted for Board of
Health approval.
§ 228-4. Ashtrays and other paraphernalia.
All ashtrays and other smoking paraphernalia shall be removed by the
owner, operator, manager or other person having control of such area from
any area where smoking is prohibited by this article.
§ 228-5. Enforcement. [Amended 6-14-2000 by Ord. No. 12-2000]
Enforcement of this article shall be implemented by the Code Enforcement
Officer of the City of Linwood or by his/her designee.
§ 228-6. Responsibility and liability.
It shall be unlawful for the owner, manager and/or operator of a restaurant
to allow or permit any person to smoke in any portion of its restaurant which
is subject to the nonsmoking provisions, as set forth above. It likewise shall
be unlawful for any person to act in a manner in violation of this article.
§ 228-7. Violations and penalties.
shall be enclosed areas (as defined above) or sufficiently separated
areas as determined by the City of Linwood Board of Health or by
its designee (i.e., Board of Health Inspector).
Any person who violates any provision of this article shall be guilty of
an infraction, punishable by a minimum fine of $100 not to exceed a
maximum fine of $500.
A.
Each day of noncompliance shall constitute a separate infraction and
punishable offense.
B.
§ 228-2 LINWOOD CODE § 228-7
228:94
ARTICLE II
School Grounds
[Adopted 8-11-2004 by Ord. No. 15-2004]
§ 228-8. Definitions.
As used in this article, the following terms shall have the meanings
indicated:
SMOKING — The act of inhaling, exhaling, burning or carrying any lighted
cigarette, cigar, pipe, weed, plant or other combustible substance in any
manner or in any form, including but not limited to tobacco or other similar
products.
§ 228-9. Regulations.
Any School Board having a public school building or public school property
located within the City of Linwood shall make and enforce regulations to
prohibit the use of tobacco products anywhere in its buildings and on its
grounds except as part of classroom instruction. The regulations shall also
provide for additional and specific limitations regarding smoking on the
school grounds as designated by the Board of Education.
§ 228-10. Complaints.
The Superintendent of the School District or his designee or any other
person having control of school property or any agent thereof or a police
officer or other public servant engaged in the execution or enforcement of
this article, or any other citizen, may sign a complaint against any individual
for violation of the provisions of this article.
§ 228-11. Posting of signs.
Every public entrance to each school within the City of Linwood shall be
posted by a person who has control of the building with a sign indicating
that the use of tobacco products is prohibited within the building and
shall further indicate that violators are subject to fine and/or punishment,
including but not limited to community service. This sign shall be clearly
visible to the public and shall contain letters or a symbol which contrast
in color with the background of the sign. Similar signs shall be posted at
visually accessible sites on the boundaries of the school property.
§ 228-12. Violations and penalties.
Any person who violates this article shall appear before the City of
Linwood Municipal Court and shall be subject to punishment as follows:
First offense: up to 15 hours of community service at a place
designated by the Linwood Municipal Court;
(1)
A.
§ 228-8 SMOKING § 228-12
228:95
Second offense: up to 30 hours of community service at a place
designated by the Linwood Municipal Court and/or a fine up to
$100;
(2)
Third offense and subsequent offenses: up to 50 hours of
community service at a place designated by the Linwood Municipal
Court and/or a fine up to $250.
(3)
Community service may include participation in a nonsmoking
educational or support program approved by the Municipal Court.
B.
Upon the signing of a complaint as provided herein against a person
under the age of 18 years, the Municipal Court shall subpoena the
parents and/or guardians of the person charged to appear at the
Municipal Court hearing.
C.
§ 228-12 LINWOOD CODE § 228-12
228:96
ARTICLE III
Recreational Areas and Parks
[Adopted 3-14-2007 by Ord. No. 9-2007]
§ 228-13. Definitions.
As used in this article, the following terms shall have the meanings
indicated:
SMOKING — The use of a lighted cigar, cigarette, pipe or any other matter
or substance, which contains tobacco and/or other similar products.
§ 228-14. Smoking prohibited.
The City does hereby specifically prohibit any smoking on any recreational
field or in any park, including but not limited to the Linwood Bicycle Path,
owned by the City. For purposes of this article, the smoking prohibition shall
not apply to parking areas surrounding the recreational fields and parks.
§ 228-15. Enforcement.
This article shall be enforced by any member of the Linwood Police
Department.
§ 228-16. Violations and penalties.
A violation of this article shall be punishable for a first offense with a fine
not to exceed $50, or by community service of not more than two days; for
a second offense within the same calendar year, punishable by a fine of not
more than $100, or by community service of not less than five days; and
for a third offense within the same calendar year, be punishable by a fine
of not less than $200, or by community service of not less than 10 days or
any combination of fine and community service as determined in the sole
discretion of the Municipal Court Judge.
§ 228-13 SMOKING § 228-16
228:97
Chapter 241
STREETS AND SIDEWALKS
GENERAL REFERENCES
Excavations — See Ch. 136. Soil removal — See Ch. 232.
§ 228-16 LINWOOD CODE § 228-16
228:98
ARTICLE I
Overhead Structures
§ 241-1. Restrictions.
No person, corporation or other association shall erect or maintain any
roof or overhead structure of frame or metal construction over any public
highway or public sidewalk, or any structure of any kind supported by posts
placed in or upon any public sidewalk or highway in the City of Linwood.
§ 241-2. Violations and penalties.
Any person, corporation or other association who shall violate the
provisions of this article shall, upon conviction thereof, be subject to a
penalty of not exceeding $200 fine or not exceeding 90 days in jail, or both,
in the discretion of the judicial officer hearing the complaint.
§ 241-1 SMOKING § 241-2
228:99

ARTICLE II
Sidewalk Construction
§ 241-3. Application for permit; fee.
§ 241-4. Specifications for sidewalks, curbs and gutters; restoration
of disturbed street areas.
Whenever any curb, driveway or sidewalk is required to be installed,
repaired, reset or relaid in the City of Linwood, application for a permit
shall be made by the owner of the abutting lands or by his/her
contractor to the Zoning Officer, specifying grade, dimensions, mixed
materials and method of construction and repair to be used. The Zoning
Officer or his designee shall examine said specifications and upon
approval shall grant a permit to the applicant. Fees for the aforesaid
permit shall be $50 each. [Amended 3-10-2010 by Ord. No. 5-2010]
A.
An inspection fee deposit for construction of curb, driveway or sidewalk
shall be paid by the applicant to the City Clerk. A minimum inspection
fee deposit of $100 shall be posted. The amount of the deposit shall be
calculated as follows: [Amended 5-28-2008 by Ord. No. 8-2008]
(1) Curb construction: $1.50 per linear foot of curb.
(2) Sidewalk construction: $1 per linear foot of sidewalk.
(3) Driveway apron: $40 per driveway.
B.
No property owner, resident, or contractor may remove any existing
curb, gutter, sidewalk or driveway apron abutting a public street
without first securing a permit in accordance with the permitting
procedures outlined in this article. Any existing curb, gutter, sidewalk,
or driveway apron that is proposed to be removed must be replaced/
reconstructed in accordance with the specifications contained in this
article. [Added 3-28-2012 by Ord. No. 6-2012]
C.
After obtaining said permit, no work shall be commenced in the lane of
said sidewalks or curbs until the proper grade therefor is accepted by
the City Engineer.
A.
If during the installation of any curbing, gutters or sidewalks or paved
areas of the street are disturbed and/or damaged, it is the responsibility
of the applicant to restore any damaged or disturbed portions of the
street to the satisfaction of the City Engineer.
B.
Sidewalks. All sidewalks to be constructed, reconstructed, improved or
repaired shall be four inches thick and a minimum of four feet wide.
Concrete shall conform to the requirements of the New Jersey Highway
Department of Standard Specifications for Class B concrete.
C.
Curbs and gutters. All curbs to be constructed, reconstructed,
improved or repaired shall be concrete. Concrete shall conform to the
D.
§ 241-3 SMOKING § 241-4
228:101
§ 241-5. Violations and penalties.
requirements of the New Jersey State Highway Department Standard
Specification for Class B concrete. Concrete curbs shall be six inches
wide by 18 inches in depth. If concrete gutters are to be constructed,
the gutters shall be cast separately; monolithic or one-piece curbs and
gutters shall not be permitted. Should the City of Linwood construct
said curbs upon the failure of the property owner to do so, said curb
shall be constructed of concrete. All curbs shall be constructed with a
six-inch reveal on the curb face except as provided below.
Drop curbs/curb cuts. Curbs constructed, reconstructed, improved or
repaired may be constructed with dropped curb sections to provide
access to off-street parking in accordance with these specifications.
Drop curbs shall consist of full depth section with a minimum of two
inches of curb reveal. Drop curbs/curb cuts shall be limited to one
section per dwelling unit per lot. Drop curbs shall be a minimum of 14
linear feet for a single-car-width driveway, 24 linear feet for a doublecar-
width driveway and two fourteen-linear-foot sections for circular
driveways.
E.
Grades, sidewalks and curbs shall be constructed, reconstructed,
curbed, recurbed, improved and repaired to conform as near as
practicable to the established grade of the street, road or highway or of
the section thereof along which any such improvement is proposed to
be made, where said grade has been established by law previous to the
passage of this article.
F.
G. ADA. Specifications must meet all ADA requirements.
All sidewalks must be graded to provide adequate drainage of
rainwater.
H.
Any exemptions to these specifications must be approved by the Zoning
Officer or his designee.
I.
The failure of any applicant or owner or his contractor, servant or agent
to construct or repair such curbs and/or sidewalks in accordance with
the specifications filed by him/her for the purpose of securing that
permit under the terms of this article shall be and constitute a violation
thereof.
A.
Any person violating the terms of this article or refusing or neglecting
to comply with any of the provisions hereof shall, upon conviction
therefor, be subject to a fine of not more than $500 or not more than
240 hours of community service, or both, or any combination, at the
discretion of the court.
B.
Each day that the violation continues past the date of compliance shall
be and constitute a separate and distinct offense, subject to any and all
penalties prescribed in this article.
C.
§ 241-4 LINWOOD CODE § 241-5.1
228:102
§ 241-5.1. Performance surety.
Before any permit is issued for any work in the public right-of-way of any
street, certain performance sureties are to be posted with the City Clerk.
A certified check (or other form of deposit satisfactory to the City
Clerk) drawn in favor of the City of Linwood for 100% of the total
estimated construction costs shall be posted with the City Clerk. The
estimated costs of the proposed work shall be based upon the current
market values, and said amount shall be prepared by the applicant and
approved by the City Engineer.
A.
The City may reduce the amount of the performance surety to be
posted.
B.
§ 241-5.1 SMOKING § 241-5.1
228:103

ARTICLE III
Street Openings and Repair
§ 241-6. Definitions.
As used in this article, the following terms shall have the meanings
indicated:
EMERGENCY OPENING — An urgent and immediate opening and repair
operation required to protect the health, safety and welfare of the general
public from the immediate hazards posed by a broken or leaking main,
an eroded and undermined structure, damaged utilities or other similar
instance involving a sudden and unforeseen hazard on a public street.
PERFORMANCE SURETY — A corporate bond, performance bond, certified
check or other similar security acceptable to the City Solicitor which is
furnished by the applicant as a guaranty of good faith to perform and
complete the work, as described on the application and permit forms, to full
compliance with the construction standards contained herein and to assure
that any subsequent necessary repairs are accomplished as directed by the
City Engineer.
SMALL BUSINESS ESTABLISHMENT — A commercial enterprise with
utility services similar in size and volume to those of an individual dwelling
unit and which has a limited number of employees and customers on the
site.
SPECIAL STREET OPENING — Applies to an individual dwelling unit or
small business establishment installing, upgrading or replacing utility
services and not involving the extension of a main.
§ 241-7. Applicability.
The provisions of this article shall apply to all streets now or hereinafter
dedicated for public use.
§ 241-8. Permit required; emergency openings. [Amended
5-28-2008 by Ord. No. 8-2008]
It shall be unlawful to dig, excavate, open or in any manner interfere
with or disturb within the right-of-way of any municipal street within the
City of Linwood for any purpose whatsoever without first securing a street
opening permit therefor as hereinafter provided and without first filing a
completed traffic safety permit application form with the City Construction
Office. The completed traffic safety form will be examined by the City of
Linwood Police Department, Traffic Safety Division, which will make all final
determinations pertaining to traffic safety. Applications and permits will be
issued by the City Construction Office. The requirements in this section
shall also apply to emergency openings. In the event that an emergency
opening is required, the entity requiring the street opening shall provide
written notification to the Clerk of the City of Linwood, Linwood Police
Department, Construction Official, and City Engineer prior to any work in
§ 241-6 SMOKING § 241-8
228:105
the street right-of-way. Notification provided by facsimile is acceptable. This
requirement shall apply at all times of the day regardless of the hours of
operation of any office listed above. Failure to provide notification shall be
subject to fines established in §241-19.
§ 241-9. Application; fee.
Application for permission to make any street opening between the
curblines, driveways or in any sidewalk area shall be made to the City
Construction Office. Such application shall be made on the required
application form and shall be signed by the applicant and shall specify:
The applicant's name, address and phone number (local and out of
town).
(1)
The name, address and phone number of the person or firm who
will be performing the work.
(2)
(3) The length and width of such excavation.
(4) The purpose for which the excavation is to be made.
The estimated time required to complete the work and restore the
surface.
(5)
(6) Such other information as may be prescribed by the City Engineer.
A.
A fee of $100 shall be paid to the City Clerk c/o the City Construction
Office prior to the issuance of the permit for all excavations of less than
or equal to six square yards. If said area to be opened, disturbed or
undermined exceeds six square yards, the additional yardage shall be
classified as "excess yardage," and an additional fee shall be due and
payable by the applicant for all yardage in excess of six square yards at
a rate of $10 per square yard.
B.
The area to be opened, disturbed or undermined by the applicant shall
be measured and determined by the applicant and approved by the
office of the City Engineer.
C.
Inspection is required for installation of new and replacement of
existing underground utility mains (i.e., water, gas, cable, telephone,
storm sewer, sanitary sewer, etc.) as well as the restoration of City
streets associated with said utility installation. An inspection fee
deposit shall be paid by the applicant to the City Clerk. The amount of
the deposit shall be equal to the application fee as calculated above.
D.
Applications shall also be required for the installation of utility poles
and related construction work within the street right of limits. Permit
applications and accompanying sketches must be submitted for
approval; the permit fee may be waived at the discretion of the City
Engineer if the intended work is not adversely impacting upon the
existing improvements.
E.
§ 241-8 LINWOOD CODE § 241-9
228:106
§ 241-10. Openings by public utilities; written notice required.
The utility shall give written notice to the City Construction Office of all
openings within the street rights-of-way which it desires to open. The City
Construction Office shall issue a permit to open said streets or sidewalks in
accordance with those conditions as outlined in § 241-9.
§ 241-11. Newly paved streets.
No permit shall be issued for any street opening which would disturb the
pavement of any road having been constructed, reconstructed or overlaid
until a period of five years after the completion of said construction,
reconstruction or overlay, except in the event of an emergency or hardship
as described below. The five-year period as articulated herein shall be
calculated from December 31 of the year in which said road was
constructed, reconstructed or overlaid and run five years thereafter.
A public utility company or authority may post an inspection escrow
with the City Clerk if said utility company or authority anticipates
multiple applications for street opening in a calendar year. The amount
of the initial escrow deposit shall be jointly determined by the applicant,
City Engineer and City Construction Office. The posting of an
inspection escrow shall not relieve the applicant of the responsibility to
make individual applications for street openings or pay the appropriate
application fees.
F.
Emergency opening. In the event that an entity shall be required to
open a street and/or roadway as a result of an emergency, said
emergency opening shall be reviewed by the City Construction Office
and City Engineer, and if the City Construction Office and City Engineer
shall determine that no such emergency existed, then the entity so
opening the street and/or roadway shall have a fine imposed upon such
entity in the amount established in § 241-19. [Amended 5-28-2008 by
Ord. No. 8-2008]
A.
Hardship condition. In the event in which a property owner has a
hardship condition which requires a street opening permit to be issued
contrary to § 241-10 above, the City of Linwood may grant relief if all of
the following conditions are met:
A letter addressed to the City, c/o City Clerk, is received detailing
the hardship and necessity of opening the street in lieu of waiting
the prescribed period of time.
(1)
Upon receipt of the letter, a public meeting date will be set for the
City to take formal action.
(2)
The property owner making request shall serve a notice to all
property owners within 200 feet, by certified mail, return receipt
requested, or by personal hand delivery, a minimum of 10 days
prior to the public meeting.
(3)
B.
§ 241-9 SMOKING § 241-11
228:107
The property owner shall file a copy of the notice served to
adjoining property owners with an affidavit of proof of delivery of
notice with the City Clerk at least three days prior to the public
meeting. The notice must:
(a) Identify the property by street address and block and lot.
(b) State the reason for the hardship.
(c) State the type and size of the utility opening.
Advise the adjoining property owners that, if they have any
objections, they must advise the City Clerk, in writing, as to
their objections to the proposed street opening at least three
days in advance of the public meeting.
(d)
(e) State date and time of public meeting.
(f) Be approved by the City Clerk prior to mailing.
The City shall consider the request at a public meeting and
review all objections received, in writing. Approval or denial of
the request shall be through formal adoption of a resolution.
(g)
A request which included the extension of a utility main shall
not be considered and will be automatically denied.
(h)
A request based solely on economic savings shall not be
considered and will be automatically denied.
(i)
(4)
Roadway restoration.
In the event that an emergency or hardship requires the opening of
a roadway that has been resurfaced by the City during the previous
five years, a full width restoration will be required. The restoration
will consist of six-inch dense graded aggregate base course, and
a six-inch bituminous stabilized base course, Mix I-2, brought to
existing grade, within the excavated area. A full width, curb to
curb, milling two inches in depth to extend 20 feet beyond the limit
of excavations will be performed after proper settlement in the
trench area. The allowable time for the settlement shall be 90 days
unless otherwise directed by the City Engineer. The final surface
course shall be a two-inch bituminous concrete surface course, Mix
I-5. See detail at end of chapter.7
(1)
Trench restoration may be permitted under special circumstances,
and at the option of the City of Linwood and City Engineer, for
openings having a minimum impact on the longevity and
serviceability of the street in question. See detail at end of chapter.8
(2)
C.
7. Editor's Note: Said detail is on file in the office of the City Clerk.
8. Editor's Note: Said detail is on file in the office of the City Clerk.
§ 241-11 LINWOOD CODE § 241-11
228:108
§ 241-12. Issuance of permit.
The City Construction Office, upon receipt and examination of the
application and the fee referred to hereinabove, shall issue a permit under
its hand for the excavation. It shall specify on the permit that it is good
for a thirty-day period from the date of issuance. It shall further specify on
the permit that such work shall be completed and restored within 48 hours
after work is commenced or within a duration of time which in its opinion
is reasonable and fair. The applicant shall notify the City Engineer 24 hours
before the commencement of any work so that appropriate inspection can
be made where required.
§ 241-13. Restoration of excavated area.
The City Engineer may allow, at his discretion, other means of
restoration which in said Engineer's opinion are deemed to have a
minimal impact on the serviceability and longevity of the street in
question.
(3)
The applicant to whom such permit is issued shall, within the time
limited in such permit, replace the earth and pavement in the
excavation in such manner that the same shall be left in as good
condition as it was before the excavation was commenced. Except
as otherwise herein stated, all street work performed shall be in
accordance with the applicable provisions of the New Jersey
Department of Transportation Standard Specifications for Road and
Bridge Construction - 2001 and as amended. Reference to articles or
sections hereinafter refer to said state highway specifications.
Trenches shall be backfilled in layers not to exceed six inches and
a vibratory tamper must be used. Ninety-five percent compaction
shall be required. Puddling of backfill is strictly prohibited. Should
there be a deficiency, additional backfill material shall be supplied
by the permittee. Whenever the City Engineer shall deem the
material unsatisfactory for backfill, the permittee shall provide
acceptable material for the backfill.
(1)
Roadways with a concrete base shall be restored using a
combination of concrete and asphalt. The amount of concrete and
asphalt to be used at each such excavation shall be as directed by
the City Engineer. See detail at end of chapter.9
(2)
Bituminous concrete street restoration specifications shall be as
follows:
A soil aggregate base, Type I-5, shall be installed six inches
thick. The use of a recycled asphalt product (RAP) or recycled
concrete product may be substituted for the soil aggregate as
long as it meets the NJDOT requirements for I-5 materials. The
(a)
(3)
A.
9. Editor's Note: Said detail is on file in the office of the City Clerk.
§ 241-11 SMOKING § 241-13
228:109
City Engineer may, at his discretion, submit samples of the
soil aggregate for a gradation analysis, with the costs of said
analysis borne by the applicant.
Temporary restoration.
Less than 100 square feet. For openings in asphalt
roadways that are less than 100 square feet, the
temporary restoration will consist of the installation of six
inches of soil aggregate, Type I-5, to a level of six inches
below the level of adjacent paved surfaces, and a four-inch
lift of stabilized base course, Mix I-2, followed by a twoinch
lift of a bituminous concrete cold patch installed to
grade.
[1]
Greater than 100 square feet. For openings in asphalt
roadways that are greater than 100 square feet, the
temporary restoration will consist of the installation of six
inches of soil aggregate, Type I-5, to a level six inches
below the level of the adjacent paved surfaces. A sixinch
lift of stabilized base course, Mix I-2, shall then be
installed to grade.
[2]
These temporary surfaces shall be left in place for a period
of not less than 90 days to allow sufficient settlement
to occur. Should settlement continue to occur, the City
Engineer shall determine when the work is acceptable for
final restoration. The permittee shall be responsible for all
maintenance deemed necessary by the City Engineer until
such time as the final restoration is completed.
[3]
(b)
Final restoration.
Less than 100 square feet. For openings less than 100
square feet, the final restoration will involve the removal
of the top two inches of bituminous concrete cold patch.
All edges shall be saw cut six inches beyond the actual
trench width disturbed to produce a clean edge, and said
edges shall be prepared with an asphaltic tack coat. A twoinch
lift of bituminous concrete surface course, Mix I-5,
shall then be placed to a level even with the existing road
grade.
[1]
Greater than 100 square feet. For openings greater than
100 square feet, the trenches shall be milled to a depth
of two inches to a distance of at least 12 inches beyond
the actual trench width to produce a clean edge. All edges
shall be coated with an asphaltic tack coat prior to a twoinch
lift of bituminous concrete surface course, Mix I-5,
being placed to a level even with the existing road grade.
[2]
(c)
§ 241-13 LINWOOD CODE § 241-13
228:110
The use of infrared paving technology is encouraged on all
openings.
[3]
The use of infrared paving technology may be required at
the sole discretion of the City Engineer if said Engineer
determines that use of such technology would promote the
longevity and serviceability of the street in question.
[4]
No surface water shall be entrapped or ponded on the
resurfaced areas. If any ponding occurs, the permittee will
be responsible for performing whatever remedial action is
required by the City Engineer.
(d)
If multiple excavations are required by the same utility within 100
feet, or a new or existing utility main is constructed, reconstructed,
repaired, replaced, or extended for a length exceeding 50 linear
feet, the final restoration will require a minimum of 1/2 width of
the cartway. The area resurfaced shall be milled to a depth of
two inches to a distance of at least 12 inches beyond the limits
of the furthest excavations from the center line of the cartway
to the curbline. (See detail at end of chapter.10) All edges shall
be coated with an asphaltic tack coat prior to a two-inch lift of
bituminous concrete surface course, Mix I-5, being placed to a level
even with the existing road grade. [Amended 5-28-2008 by Ord.
No. 8-2008]
If the same utility makes repeated excavations on the same
block of the same roadway for any reason, this section shall
also apply.
(a)
The City Engineer, at his sole discretion, may allow alternate
methods of restoration in lieu of a half-width pavement
restoration.
(b)
(4)
Any opening crossing perpendicular to the center line of the road
will require a full-width restoration to the surface for an additional
width of two feet on each side of the disturbance. Any opening
crossing nonperpendicular to the center line will require a fullwidth
restoration to the surface from a point measured parallel
with the center line two feet from the farthest point of disturbance.
(5)
In all cases where concrete has to be removed prior to any
excavation, saw cut methods of removal shall be used. The
restoration of the concrete shall be according to the following
specifications:
(a) It shall be Class B with a design strength of 3,700 psi.
(6)
10.Editor's Note: Said detail is on file in the office of the City Clerk.
§ 241-13 SMOKING § 241-13
228:111
§ 241-14. Performance and maintenance surety.
Before any permit is issued for any work in a public street, certain
performance and maintenance sureties are to be posted with the City Clerk.
It shall have a minimum thickness of not less than four inches
for sidewalk, six inches for driveway aprons and eight inches
for gutter.
(b)
It shall have a minimum width of not less than four feet for
sidewalks.
(c)
It shall have control joints not more than five feet for sidewalk
and 10 feet for curb and gutter; and expansion joints not more
than 20 feet for sidewalk, curb and gutter.
(d)
Driveway aprons shall be reinforced with six-inch-by-six-inch,
10-gauge A36 steel wire mesh.
(e)
If an opening occurs in an area which does not have a pavement
surface, the applicant is required to restore the given area with a
minimum of eight inches of gravel.
(7)
If an opening occurs in an area typically reserved for sidewalks, but
has none at the time of the opening request, it is required to be
restored with as called for in § 241-13A and also shall include an
installation of four inches of topsoil with a finished application of
sod.
(8)
All exploratory holes shall be repaired as directed by the City
Engineer.
(9)
By the acceptance of such a permit, the applicant shall be deemed to
have agreed to comply with the terms hereof, and upon his failure to
do so to pay on demand any cost or expense that the City may incur by
reason of any shrinkage or settlement in the excavated area resulting
from such excavation if such shrinkage or settlement shall occur within
one year from the time the surface thereof is restored.
B.
Performance surety.
The performance surety shall be in the form of either a corporate
guaranty bond or a surety guaranty bond issued by a company
authorized to do business in the State of New Jersey, in a form
satisfactory to the City Clerk and in the penal sum of 100% of the
full amount of the total estimated construction costs. A certified
check drawn in favor of the City of Linwood for the same amount
(100% of the total estimated construction costs) may be substituted
for the performance surety. The estimated costs of the proposed
work shall be based upon current market values, and said amount
shall be prepared by the applicant and approved by the City
Engineer.
(1)
A.
§ 241-13 LINWOOD CODE § 241-14
228:112
§ 241-15. Insurance.
§ 241-16. Clearance for fire equipment.
The excavation work shall be performed and conducted so as not to
interfere with access to fire stations and fire hydrants. Materials or
obstructions shall not be placed within 15 feet of fireplugs. Passageways
leading to fire escapes or fire-fighting equipment shall be kept free of
debris, construction materials or other obstructions.
§ 241-17. Protection of traffic.
The following measures shall be taken to protect the public and ensure their
safety:
In lieu of the above-mentioned performance surety, public utility
companies or authorities may post an annual performance surety
for $10,000 or for an increased amount determined by the City
Engineer. The form of surety shall be approved by the City Solicitor.
(2)
Maintenance surety.
In addition to the posting of a performance surety, and as a
condition to the release of same, the City of Linwood may, at its
discretion, require the applicant to post a maintenance surety in
the form of either a surety or guaranty bond issued by a company
authorized to do business in the State of New Jersey, in a form
satisfactory to the City Solicitor and in the penal sum of 15% of the
performance surety. A certified check, drawn in favor of the City of
Linwood, for the same percentage (15% of the performance surety)
may be substituted for the maintenance surety.
(1)
Public utility companies or authorities posting and continually
maintaining a performance surety in accordance with this section
will not be required to post a separate maintenance surety.
(2)
B.
The applicant shall be responsible for all maintenance and repairs
required at the site for a period of one year following completion of
construction.
C.
All applicants and their agents and employees are required to be
covered by a policy or policies of liability insurance. Said insurance
shall provide minimum single limit coverage for all public liability
and property damage in the amount of $1,000,000, and the policy
of insurance shall further name the City of Linwood as an additional
insured.
A.
A certificate of insurance that confirms the aforementioned coverage
and that specifically names the City of Linwood as an additional insured
shall be submitted to the City Construction Office whenever a
performance surety is posted.
B.
§ 241-14 SMOKING § 241-17
228:113
§ 241-18. Responsibility and liability of City.
The City shall not be responsible for any injury or damage to persons or
property resulting from the negligence of the applicant or his servants,
agents or employees in making, grading or filling any excavation permitted
under the terms of this article. The applicant shall also save and hold
harmless the City against any and all liability incurred by the City as a result
of the negligence of the applicant, or its agents, servants or employees, in
making, grading or filling in the excavation permitted under the terms of
this article.
§ 241-19. Violations and penalties; enforcement. [Amended
5-28-2008 by Ord. No. 8-2008]
When it is necessary to leave an opening unfinished overnight or for
an extended period of time, the applicant shall be required to place
barricades at and along the opening. The barricades or protection
devices shall identify the name of the applicant and a telephone number
by which the applicant can be reached. The applicant shall be required
to notify the City Police Department when an opening is to remain
unfinished.
A.
The number and placement of the barricades or protection devices shall
conform to the recommended standards as noted in the Manual on
Uniform Traffic Control Devices for Streets and Highways, as published
by the United States Department of Transportation, Federal Highway
Administration, latest edition, as amended. All methods of protection
shall require flashing devices.
B.
All applicants shall be required to contact the New Jersey One Call
Utility Opening Service, at 1-800-272-1000.
C.
Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this
article shall, upon conviction in the Municipal Court of the City of
Linwood, be punished for the first offense by a fine of $1,000, be
punished for the second offense by a fine of $5,000, and be punished
for the third and each subsequent offense by a fine of $10,000. The
Municipal Judge before whom any person is convicted of violation of
this article shall have power to impose any fine. Nothing in this section
shall be construed to relieve an offender from the obligation to restore
any street in accordance with the provisions of this article. The Court
may hold the violator responsible for restitution to the City for any
and all amounts expended by the City to restore any street left in an
unrestored condition by any applicant.
A.
Enforcement of the provisions of this article is vested with the Linwood
Police Department, Code Enforcement Officer, Construction Official,
and/or City Engineer.
B.
§ 241-17 LINWOOD CODE § 241-20
228:114
§ 241-20. Exemptions.
Street openings and excavations performed by the City of Linwood or
agents of the City of Linwood are exempt from the provisions of this article.
§ 241-20 SMOKING § 241-20
228:115

ARTICLE IV
Dumpsters and Other Receptacles for Debris Collection
§ 241-21. Permit required. [Amended 3-13-2019 by Ord. No.
6-2019]
No container, dumpster, receptacle or other object for the collection of
rubbish or debris shall be placed upon any street, sidewalk, public property
or private property without a permit issued by the Building Department.
§ 241-22. Permit application; marking of dumpsters required.
§ 241-23. Fees and deposits.
§ 241-24. Refusal or revocation of permits; emergency removal;
appeals.
Any person desiring a permit under this article shall make written
application therefor to the Building Department specifying the name
and address of the applicant and, if applicable, the lessor, the exact
proposed location of such dumpster, container or other receptacle,
the length of time that said use is required, up to a maximum of 30
days, and the circumstances necessitating the need for the dumpster,
container or other receptacle.
A.
All such dumpsters, containers or other receptacles shall bear the name
and address of the person responsible therefor.
B.
All such dumpsters, containers or other receptacles which remain on
any street, sidewalk or public property during the hours between
sunset of one day and sunrise of the next day shall be equipped with
suitable reflectors or other warning devices as may be required by the
Building Department.
C.
The application for the permit shall be accompanied by a fee of $50.
In addition, the Building Department may, in its discretion, require an
indemnity deposit of $500 to reimburse the City for the cost of any
extraordinary cleanup or repair which may be incurred by the City
as a result of the use permitted. [Amended 3-10-2010 by Ord. No.
5-2010]
A.
Upon permanent removal of the dumpster, container or other
receptacle, the Building Department shall inspect the property for any
damage to the street, sidewalk or publicly owned property. If there has
occurred any damage to said property, then there shall be deducted
from the deposit moneys a sufficient amount to repair the same. If
the moneys on deposit are insufficient to cover the cost of repairs,
the owner shall be responsible for any additional sums necessary to
complete the cost of repairs.
B.
§ 241-21 SMOKING § 241-24
228:117
§ 241-25. Placement.
§ 241-26. Violations and penalties.
The Building Department may, in its discretion, refuse to issue a permit
if it deems the same to constitute a danger to public safety or an
unwarranted interference with the efficient movement of traffic.
A.
The Building Department may revoke a permit for the same reasons,
and, if the dumpster or other receptacle is not removed within 24
hours after notification, that Department may arrange to have the same
removed and stored at the owner's expense.
B.
The Building Department may revoke a permit if it determines that false
statements were made in the application or if it determines that the
permittee has failed to conform to the regulations set forth herein.
C.
If the Building Department shall at any time determine that an
emergency situation exists with regard to said dumpster or other
receptacle, it may remove the same without notice, at the owner's
expense.
D.
The Building Department may revoke a permit if it determines that
any dumpster has remained filled without being emptied for a period
exceeding 72 hours.
E.
A decision by the Building Department to revoke any permit issued
hereunder shall be transmitted in writing to the permit holder by
registered or certified mail; such decision shall state clearly the
grounds for revocation.
F.
The permit holder may appeal the revocation to the Mayor and Council
of the City of Linwood. An appeal must he filed within seven days after
the notice of revocation was mailed to him. Such appeal must state in
writing the grounds for the appeal. The Mayor and Council shall then
set a time and place for the hearing and notify the permit holder in
writing at least five days in advance of the hearing by mailing a notice
to his last known address. The decision and order of the Mayor and
Council shall be final and conclusive.
G.
No person shall cause or permit the placement of a dumpster, container
or receptacle in such a manner that it causes any physical damage to
any street, sidewalk or to City-owned property.
A.
If the Building Department shall at any time determine that any
physical damage has been caused to any street, sidewalk or City-owned
property, it may cause the removal of the dumpster, receptacle or other
container without notice, at the owner's expense, and the owner shall
be responsible for all costs necessary to restore the property to its
condition prior to the placement of the dumpster, receptacle or other
container.
B.
§ 241-24 LINWOOD CODE § 241-26
228:118
§ 241-27. Applicability.
The provisions of this article are not intended to apply to containers or
receptacles used for normal weekly garbage collection at residential
properties.
An offense against the provisions of § 241-21 et seq. shall be a violation
punishable by a fine of not more than $100.
A.
Each day's continued violation of § 241-21 et seq. of this article shall
constitute a separate and distinct violation.
B.
§ 241-26 SMOKING § 241-27
228:119

ARTICLE V
Application for Vacation of Streets and Easements
[Added 5-28-2008 by Ord. No. 8-2008]
§ 241-28. Application required.
Any person, corporation, partnership or other entity requesting the vacation
of any street or easement within the City of Linwood shall submit a written
application to City Council of the City of Linwood.
§ 241-29. Application submission requirements.
Any application to the City Council of the City of Linwood for vacation of
a street or easement in the City of Linwood shall include, at a minimum,
the following information:
Completed City of Linwood application for vacation of streets and
easements.
(1)
(2) Written explanation as to the purpose of the vacation request.
Written statement of the development plans for the property(s),
should this vacation be granted.
(3)
Map of the area to be vacated indicating that no lots will be
landlocked by the proposed street vacation.
(4)
Survey of the lot(s) directly impacted by the vacation of a street,
including proposed easements for access and utilities, and all
necessary legal descriptions for affected lots and easements. All
surveys and legal descriptions shall be prepared by a professional
land surveyor licensed in the State of New Jersey.
(5)
Proof of notification to all property owners affected by this vacation
through certified mail. For the purpose of this notification, affected
property owners shall be considered the owner of any property
within 200 feet of the limits of the street or easement to be vacated.
The notice to property owners shall clearly state the intention
to vacate (name of street), and that objections should be filed
immediately with the Municipal Clerk. Proof of notification shall be
made prior to any public hearing on the proposed street vacation.
Notification shall only be made after the City has informed the
applicant that it has reviewed the application and will take action.
(6)
(7) Fee(s) as described in § 241-30.
Any other item as deemed necessary for review by the Municipal
Solicitor, Municipal Engineer, Chief of Police, and/or Chief of the
Fire Department.
(8)
A.
Applications shall be submitted to the Municipal Clerk of the City of
Linwood, 400 Poplar Avenue, Linwood, NJ 08221.
B.
§ 241-28 SMOKING § 241-30
228:121
§ 241-30. Fees and deposits.
The following fees shall be submitted to the Municipal Clerk with any
application for the vacation of a street or easement in the City of Linwood.
§ 241-31. Action by City Council.
Application fee: certified check or money order payable to the City of
Linwood in the amount of $100. The application fee is nonrefundable.
A.
Review escrow: certified check or money order payable to the City of
Linwood in the amount of $1,000. An escrow account will be established
for reimbursement to the City’s professionals for their work in
reviewing the application materials and reporting to City Council. If
additional funds are necessary to adequately reimburse the City’s
professionals, the applicant shall be responsible to submit additional
escrow prior to the final passage of any vacation ordinance. Any unused
funds will be returned to the applicant following the passage of any
vacation ordinance.
B.
Recording fee: certified check or money Order payable to the Atlantic
County Clerk’s Office in the amount of $100.
C.
The City Council of the City Linwood, having taken into account reviews
by its professionals and staff, may approve by ordinance or deny any
application at its sole discretion.
A.
The City Council shall refer the application to the Planning Board of the
City of Linwood for its opinion on the application as it relates to the
City’s Master Plan.
B.
The City Council, in its review of any application, shall consider the
application’s merits as it relates to the public good, and the health,
safety, and well being of the citizens of the City of Linwood.
C.
No vacation of any street or easement shall be considered complete
until it has been recorded in the Office of the Clerk of Atlantic County.
D.
§ 241-30 LINWOOD CODE § 241-31
228:122
ARTICLE VI
Casting of Snow and Ice
[Added 8-10-2011 by Ord. No. 11-2011]
§ 241-32. Casting of snow and ice.
No owner, tenant or occupant of any premises abutting any street, nor any
person working for or on behalf of any owner, tenant or occupant, shall
throw, place or deposit any snow or ice upon the public street or upon any
public right-of-way in front of his property. The intent of this section is to
prohibit all persons from throwing, placing or depositing snow or ice from
a private driveway, parking area, private lane, or on the sidewalk in front of
the property, upon the municipal streets or sidewalks of the City.
§ 241-33. Violations and penalties.
Any person who violates any provision of this article shall, upon conviction
thereof, be punishable by any combination of the following: a fine not
exceeding $1,000, imprisonment for a term not exceeding 90 days or a
period of community service not exceeding 90 days.
§ 241-32 SMOKING § 241-33
228:123

ARTICLE VII
Sports Equipment in Streets
[Added 3-13-2013 by Ord. No. 2-2013]
§ 241-34. Purpose.
The purpose of this article is to protect the health, safety, and welfare of City
residents, City-owned equipment, and the motoring public by prohibiting
the permanent placement of basketball, hockey, soccer and any other sports
equipment, and/or storing or leaving portable sports equipment, in, on or
over the public streets and the public rights-of-way.
§ 241-35. Prohibited acts.
Basketball poles, nets, hoops, hockey, soccer goals and other sports
equipment of any kind are hereby prohibited from being permanently
placed and/or stored in, on or over any public street, roadway, right-ofway,
sidewalk, curb area, or tree apron within the City of Linwood so as
to not interfere with the City’s removal of snow, trash, and in times of
states of emergency. Nothing contained herein shall prohibit temporary or
removable basketball nets, hoops, hockey, soccer goals and other sports
equipment from being utilized, provided they do not interfere with the
City’s removal of snow or trash, and provided there is no time of state of
emergency.
§ 241-36. Violations and penalties.
§ 241-37. Enforcement.
It shall be the duty of the Linwood Police Department and Code
Enforcement Officer to enforce the provisions of this article.
Any person violating the above provision shall be subject to a warning
for the first violation, a fine of $50 for the second violation and a fine
not to exceed $100 for each subsequent offense.
A.
A property owner shall be responsible for any damage incurred to
City equipment due to the failure to remove any sports equipment in
accordance with this article.
B.
If the owner of such equipment cannot be identified, the City shall have
the right to impound said equipment.
C.
Each day that the violation continues past the date of compliance shall
be and constitute a separate and distinct offense, subject to any and all
penalties prescribed in this article.
D.
§ 241-34 SMOKING § 241-37
228:125
Chapter 259
TREES
GENERAL REFERENCES
Shade Tree Commission — See Ch. 71.
Brush, grass and weeds — See Ch. 99.
Property maintenance — See Ch. 205.
Motor-driven vehicles — See Ch. 266.
Unlicensed vehicles — See Ch. 269.
§ 241-37 LINWOOD CODE § 241-37
228:126
ARTICLE I
Removal of Nuisance Trees
[Adopted 8-14-2013 by Ord. No. 12-2013]
§ 259-1. Removal of trees which are nuisances.
§ 259-2. Administration and enforcement.
This article shall be administered and enforced by the Code Enforcement
Officer, who shall be designated from time to time by resolution of the City's
governing body.
§ 259-3. Appeals.
Any person aggrieved by the decision of the official discharged with the
administration and enforcement of this article shall have the right, within
10 days of the issuance of any decision by such official, to appeal to the
Linwood Shade Tree Commission for approval of an alternate plan, and such
Shade Tree Commission shall take action as it deems necessary in either
matter. In the event of such an appeal, the procedures shall be as set forth
and directed by the Shade Tree Commission.
Any tree or ornamental tree growing on private property which is
endangering or, in the opinion of the Code Enforcement Officer,
constitutes a danger to the public streets, public places, or public rightof-
way or which in any way endangers the usefulness of a public sewer
or public utility, shall be removed or trimmed by the owner of the
property within 30 days after receipt of notice by certified mail from
the Code Enforcement Officer. In the event the property owner fails
to remove or trim such tree within said time, the Code Enforcement
Officer may then have such tree removed or trimmed and assess the
cost thereof against the property owner. Ten days' prior notice of the
assessment hearing before the governing body shall be given to the
property owner and, upon confirmation by the governing body, such
cost shall become a lien on the property and shall bear interest of the
same rate as taxes and shall be collected and enforced by the same
officer and in the same manner as taxes or may be collected by court
action.
A.
The decision of the Code Enforcement Officer shall be based upon the
following:
The condition of the tree(s) with respect to disease and
hazardousness, danger of falling, proximity to public streets,
existing or proposed structures and interference with utility
services.
(1)
(2) The effect of the removal on the ecological systems.
The character at the proposed site of removal with respect to
existing vegetation management practice.
(3)
B.
§ 259-1 SMOKING § 259-4
228:127
§ 259-4. Violations and penalties.
Any person violating or failing to comply with any of the provisions of this
article shall, upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not more than
$1,000 or by imprisonment in the county jail for a term not to exceed 90
days, or both, in the discretion of the court. Each tree removed or damaged
in violation of this article shall be deemed a separate offense.
§ 259-4 LINWOOD CODE § 259-4
228:128
Chapter 263
VEHICLES AND TRAFFIC
§ 259-4 SMOKING § 259-4
228:129

ARTICLE I
General Regulations
[Adopted 12-13-1967 as Ch. 53, Art. I, of the 1967 Code]
§ 263-1. Through streets. [Amended 2-11-1970 by Ord. No. 3-1970;
9-9-1987 by Ord. No. 10-1987]
The following streets or parts of streets are designated through streets.
Stop signs shall be installed on each street intersecting the through street,
except where yield signs are provided for in the designation:
West Wabash Avenue.
From the City of Northfield - City of Linwood corporate line to
Central Avenue.
(1)
(2) From Central Avenue to Poplar Avenue.
(3) From Maple Avenue to Devonshire Avenue.
(4) From Oak Avenue to Patcong Avenue.
From Seaview Avenue to Ocean Heights Avenue (County Road
559).
(5)
A.
East Wabash Avenue.
(1) From Central Avenue to Poplar Avenue.
(2) From Devonshire Avenue to Oak Avenue.
From Ocean Heights Avenue (County Road 559) to Seaview
Avenue.11
(3)
B.
Central Avenue.
From the Egg Harbor Township - City of Linwood corporate line to
U.S. Route 9 (New Road).
(1)
(2) From U.S. Route 9 (New Road) to Shore Road (County Road 585).
C.
Poplar Avenue.
From the Egg Harbor Township - City of Linwood corporate line to
U.S. Route 9 (New Road).
(1)
(2) From U.S. Route 9 (New Road) to Shore Road (County Road 585).
D.
Devonshire Avenue.
(1) From Shore Road (County Road 585) to Oak Avenue.
E.
11.Editor's Note: Former Subsection C, West Avenue, which immediately followed this
subsection, was superseded 11-14-2001 by Ord. No. 23-2001 and 2-12-2002 by Ord. No.
1-2002. See § 263-16B.
§ 263-1 SMOKING § 263-1
228:131
§ 263-2. One-way streets. [Amended 8-13-1969; 3-27-1974 by Ord.
No. 3-1974; 11-10-1976 by Ord. No. 15-1976; 5-24-1978 by Ord. No.
8-1978; 9-9-1987 by Ord. No. 10-1987]
The following streets or parts of streets are hereby designated one-way
streets in the direction indicated:
Patcong Avenue.
(1) From Shore Road (County Road 585) to U.S. Route 9 (New Road).
F.
G. Burroughs Avenue: entire length.
Oak Avenue.
(1) From Morris Avenue to Poplar Avenue.
(2) From U.S. Route 9 (New Road) to Central Avenue.
(3) From Central Avenue to City of Northfield - City of Linwood line.
H.
Maple Avenue.
(1) From Oak Avenue to U.S. Route 9 (New Road).
(2) From U.S. Route 9 (New Road) to Poplar Avenue.
I.
Lincoln Avenue.
(1) From Central Avenue to Haines Avenue.
J.
Woodlynne Boulevard.
(1) From Poplar Avenue to Holly Lane.
K.
Franklin Boulevard.
(1) From Glenside Avenue to Cheltenham Avenue.
L.
M. Somerset Boulevard: entire length.
Belhaven Avenue, easterly, from East Wabash Avenue to Shore Road
(County Road 585).
A.
B. Oak Avenue, northerly, from Belhaven Avenue to Morris Avenue.
Edgewood Avenue, westerly, from Shore Road (County Road 585) to
West Wabash Avenue.
C.
Maple Avenue, northerly, from Shore Road (County Road 585) to Van
Sant Avenue.
D.
Mainland Regional High School Drive, counterclockwise, for its entire
length.
E.
§ 263-1 LINWOOD CODE § 263-2
228:132
§ 263-3. No left turns. [Added 3-10-1993 by Ord. No. 4-1993]
§ 263-4. Prohibited parking; stopping or standing; time limit
parking; snow emergencies; violations and penalties.
Edgewood Avenue, easterly, from Shore Road (County Road 585) to
Woodlynne Boulevard.
F.
West Wabash Avenue, southerly, from Seaview Avenue to Garfield
Avenue.
G.
East Wabash Avenue, northerly, from Garfield Avenue to Seaview
Avenue.
H.
East Wabash Avenue, northerly, from Patcong Avenue to Belhaven
Avenue. [Added 8-13-1997 by Ord. No. 10-1997]
I.
The following street or streets shall be designated as no left turn onto
U.S. Route 9:
(1) Marie Avenue.
Oak Avenue, eastbound on Oak Avenue to northbound on U.S.
Route 9. [Added 7-13-2005 by Ord. No. 13-2005]
(2)
Oak Avenue, westbound on Oak Avenue to southbound on U.S.
Route 9. [Added 7-13-2005 by Ord. No. 13-2005]
(3)
A.
The following street shall be designated as no left turn onto Patcong
Avenue: [Added 8-13-1997 by Ord. No. 10-1997]
(1) West Avenue.
B.
No person shall turn at the below described location as indicated.
[Added 6-12-2013 by Ord. No. 11-2013]
Intersection
Turn
Prohibited Movement Prohibited
Oak Avenue and
Mainland Regional
High School exit
driveway (located 425
feet south of
Devonshire Avenue)
Left Oak Avenue northbound from
7:30 a.m. to 8:30 a.m. and
from 2:30 p.m. to 3:30 p.m.
Shore Road and
Patcong Avenue
[Added 7-8-2015 by
Ord. No. 7-2015]
Left Shore Road northbound from
7:45 a.m. to 8:45 a.m. and
from 2:30 p.m. to 3:30 p.m.,
while school is in session
C.
No vehicle shall be parked at any time on the following described
streets or parts of streets:
A.
§ 263-2 SMOKING § 263-4
228:133
Name of Street Side Location
Central Avenue
[Added 5-22-1968]
South From New Road to the division
line between Egg Harbor
Township and the City of
Linwood
Central Avenue
[Added 11-12-1997
by Ord. No. 15-1997]
South From Route 9 to Wabash
Avenue
Delmar Avenue North From Shore Road to
Woodlynne Boulevard
East Wabash Avenue
[Added 9-10-2003 by
Ord. No. 21-2003]
Southeast From Greenwich Avenue to
Garfield Avenue
Edgewood Avenue Both From the westerly curb of
Shore Road to a point 200 feet
west thereof
Essex Avenue [Added
7-8-1998 by Ord. No.
5-1998]
South From Oak Avenue to Wabash
Avenue
Garfield Avenue
[Added 4-13-2005 by
Ord. No. 7-2005]
South From Shore Road to Wabash
Avenue
Maple Avenue Both From U.S. Route 9 to Oak
Avenue
Maple Avenue Northeast From Shore Road to New Road
(U.S. Route 9)
Oak Avenue [Added
5-23-1990 by Ord.
No. 4-1990]
Both From 70 feet south of the
southerly curbline of Central
Avenue to a point 90 feet north
of the northerly curbline of
Central Avenue
Oak Avenue [Added
4-13-2005 by Ord.
No. 7-2005]
East From New Road (U.S. Route 9)
to Poplar Avenue
Oak Avenue [Added
7-10-1991 by Ord.
No. 11-1991]
West From Monroe Avenue to the
property line of Mainland
Regional High School
Oak Avenue [Added
6-13-1984 by Ord.
No. 9-198412]
West From Poplar Avenue to
Monroe Avenue
12.Editor's Note: This ordinance also provided that any person violating it shall be subject to
the payment of a fine in the amount of $15. Said ordinance also provided that payment of
said fine may be made directly to the Municipal Court Clerk through the Linwood
Violations Bureau.
§ 263-4 LINWOOD CODE § 263-4
228:134
Name of Street Side Location
Ocean Heights Avenue
[Added 3-23-2004 by
Ord. No. 5-2004]
North From Shore Road westbound
to the westbound boundary of
the City of Linwood
Patcong Avenue North From Shore Road to a point
100 feet west thereof
Poplar Avenue Both From the southeasterly line of
Lincoln Avenue to a point 50
feet northwestwardly of the
northwest property line of the
Linwood Volunteer Fire
Company
Poplar Avenue [Added
7-10-1991 by Ord.
No. 11-1991]
South From Bryant Avenue to Oak
Grove Avenue
Poplar Avenue [Added
5-11-1977 by Ord.
No. 8-1977]
South From Maple Avenue to Shore
Road
Poplar Avenue [Added
7-11-1984 by Ord.
No. 13-198413]
South From Shore Road to
Woodlynne Boulevard
Shore Road
[Amended
12-22-1969]
East Entire length
Shore Road [Added
4-24-2001 by Ord.
No. 6-2001]
West From Devonshire Avenue
northbound to a point 50 feet
south of the location of the
U.S. Postal mailboxes located
in front of the Linwood Post
Office
Shore Road West From Edgewood Avenue to a
point 130 feet south thereof
Wabash Avenue
[Added 11-10-1976
by Ord. No. 15-1976]
Northwest
(southeasterly
of the
abandoned
railroad rightof-
way
From Edgewood Avenue to
Devonshire Avenue
13.Editor's Note: This ordinance also provided that any person violating it shall be subject to
the payment of a fine in the amount of $15. Said ordinance also provided that payment of
said fine may be made directly to the Municipal Court Clerk through the Linwood
Violations Bureau.
§ 263-4 SMOKING § 263-4
228:135
Name of Street Side Location
Wabash Avenue
[Added 11-10-1976
by Ord. No. 15-1976]
Southeast
(southeasterly
of the
abandoned
railroad rightof-
way)
From Edgewood Avenue to a
point 375 feet
southwestwardly therefrom
West Avenue [Added
3-28-2012 by Ord.
No. 7-2012]
East From Patcong Avenue to 210
feet south of Patcong Avenue
West Avenue [Added
3-28-2012 by Ord.
No. 7-2012]
West From Patcong Avenue to
Hamilton Avenue
West Wabash Avenue
[Added 8-13-1997 by
Ord. No. 10-1997]
East From a point 165 feet south of
Wilson Avenue to Wilson
Avenue
West Wabash Avenue
[Added 2-28-2007 by
Ord. No. 6-2007]
West From a point 210 feet north of
Garfield Avenue to a point 145
feet north of Garfield Avenue
West Wabash Avenue
[Added 2-28-2007 by
Ord. No. 6-2007]
West From a point 400 feet south of
Seaview Avenue to 210 feet
north of Garfield Avenue
(passenger loading only 7:00
a.m. to 9:00 a.m. and 2:30 p.m.
to 3:30 p.m.)
No vehicle shall stop or stand on the following streets or parts of
streets: [Added 7-10-1968]
Name of Street Side Location
Central Avenue Both From a point 125 feet east of the
easterly curbline of U.S. Route 9
to a point 125 feet west of the
westerly curbline of U.S. Route 9
Maple Avenue [Added
9-9-1987 by Ord.
No. 10-1987]
East From Edgewood Avenue to Van
Sant Avenue
Poplar Avenue
[Added 3-10-1993
by Ord. No. 4-1993]
North From the westerly curbline of
Route 9 to a point 60 feet west of
the westerly curbline of Route 9
Poplar Avenue
[Added 3-10-1993
by Ord. No. 4-1993]
South From the easterly curbline of
Route 9 to a point 155 feet east of
the easterly curbline of Route 9
B.
Time limit parking. No person shall park a vehicle for longer than the
time period indicated below, during the hours indicated, on any of the
C.
§ 263-4 LINWOOD CODE § 263-4
228:136
following streets or parts of streets: [Added 11-26-1980 by Ord. No.
24-1980]
Name of Street Side
Time
Limit Hours Location
East Wabash
Avenue [Added
3-22-2017 by
Ord. No.
3-2017]
West School
hours
Between Somers
Avenue and 240
feet north of
Devonshire Avenue
Ireland Avenue
[Added 8-8-2007
by Ord. No.
18-2007]
North 2 hrs. School
hours
Entire length
Shore Road West 1/2 hr. 8:00 a.m.
to 10:00
p.m.
Between Elm
Avenue and Maple
Avenue
Woodstock
Avenue [Added
2-28-2007 by
Ord. No.
6-2007]
Both 2 hrs. School
hours
Entire length
No commercial vehicle, recreational vehicle, trailer or boat and boat
trailer shall be permitted to park on any street in any zone in the City
of Linwood. However, a unit may be parked anywhere during active
loading or unloading. Noncommercial recreational vehicles and trailers
may be permitted for a period of up to 24 hours. Any commercial
vehicle, recreational vehicle, trailer or boat and boat trailer parked in
violation of this subsection, at the sole discretion of any police officer,
may be towed at the owner's expense based on the circumstances
at the time. [Added 9-14-1988 by Ord. No. 12-1988; amended
12-12-2018 by Ord. No. 24-2018]
D.
Snow emergency no-parking areas. [Added 9-26-2018 by Ord. No.
22-201814]
Whenever snow has fallen and the accumulation is such that it
covers the street or highway, an emergency shall exist and no
vehicle shall be parked on the following streets or highways or
portions thereof:
Name of Street Limits
Central Avenue Entire length
Greenwich Avenue Shore Road to Wabash Avenue
Maple Avenue Shore Road to Wabash Avenue
(1)
E.
14.Editor's Note: This ordinance also redesignated former Subsection E as Subsection F.
§ 263-4 SMOKING § 263-4
228:137
§ 263-5. Parking at municipal complex or on school property.
[Added 9-9-1987 by Ord. No. 10-1987]
No person shall park a vehicle at any time in parking lots or on the roadways
of the municipal complex and the Mainland Regional High School, except in
designated areas and between the painted lines; all vehicles so parked shall
be properly identified.
§ 263-6. Parking permitted. [Added 9-9-1987 by Ord. No. 10-1987]
Parking is permitted on the west side of Maple Avenue beginning at a point
35 feet north of the northerly curved line of Edgewood Avenue to a point 35
feet south of the southerly curved line of Van Sant Avenue.
§ 263-7. Parking prohibited during certain hours on certain streets.
[Added 9-24-1969]
Name of Street Limits
Oak Avenue Entire length
Patcong Avenue Shore Road to New Road (U.S.
Route 9)
Poplar Avenue Entire length
Seaview Avenue Shore Road to New Road (U.S.
Route 9)
Wabash Avenue Oak Avenue to Patcong Avenue
Wabash Avenue (East and West) Seaview Avenue to Kirkland
Avenue
West Avenue New Road (U.S. Route 9) to
Ocean Heights Avenue
West Avenue Patcong Avenue to Seaview
Avenue
The above parking prohibitions shall remain in effect after the snow
has ceased until the streets have been plowed sufficiently and to
the extent that parking will not interfere with the normal flow of
traffic.
(2)
Any unoccupied vehicle parked or standing in violation of this
subsection shall be deemed a nuisance and a menace to the safe
and proper regulation of traffic and any police officer may provide
for the removal of such vehicle. The owner shall pay the reasonable
costs for the removal and storage, which may result from such
removal before regaining possession of the vehicle.
(3)
Violations and penalties. Any person violating the provisions of this
section shall be subject to a fine in the amount of $55. [Added
3-23-1994 by Ord. No. 3-1994; amended 9-26-2018 by Ord. No.
22-2018]
F.
§ 263-4 LINWOOD CODE § 263-7
228:138
§ 263-8. Angle parking. [Added 3-27-1974 by Ord. No. 3-1974]
No person shall park a vehicle between the hours specified upon any of
the following described streets or parts of streets:
Name of Street Side Hours Location
Belhaven
Avenue
Both 8:00 a.m. to
4:00 p.m.,
school days
From Shore Road to a
point 467 feet
northwestwardly
from Shore Road
Oak Avenue
[Added
8-10-1983 by
Ord. No.
8-198315]
Both 7:30 a.m. to
4:30 p.m., Mon.
through Fri.
From Essex Avenue
to Wabash Avenue
Poplar Avenue
[Added
9-23-1992 by
Ord. No.
6-1992]
North 8:00 a.m. to
9:00 a.m. and
2:30 p.m. to
3:30 p.m., Mon.
through Fri.,
school days,
except by
permit only
From Oak Avenue to
Cedar Place
Poplar Avenue
[Added
9-23-1992 by
Ord. No.
6-1992]
South 8:00 a.m. to
9:00 a.m. and
2:30 p.m. to
3:30 p.m., Mon.
through Fri.,
school days,
except by
permit only
From Oak Avenue to
Bryant Avenue
Wabash Avenue,
northwesterly
portion Avenue
[Amended
9-10-2003 by
Ord. No.
21-2003]
Northwest 7:00 a.m. to
9:00 a.m.and
2:30 p.m. to
3:30 p.m.
From Greenwich
Avenue to Garfield
Avenue
A.
Violations and penalties. Any person violating the provisions of this
section shall be subject to a fine in the amount of $36. [Added
3-23-1994 by Ord. No. 3-1994]
B.
15.Editor's Note: This ordinance was amended 3-14-1984 by Ord. No. 4-1984 to provide that
any person violating it shall be subject to the payment of a fine in the amount of $15 and
that payment of said fine may be made directly to the Municipal Court Clerk through the
Linwood Violations Bureau.
§ 263-7 SMOKING § 263-8
228:139
§ 263-9. Stop intersections. [Added 2-11-1970 by Ord. No. 3-1970;
amended 9-8-1976 by Ord. No. 12-1976; 5-10-1978 by Ord. No.
4-1978; 9-9-1987 by Ord. No. 10-1987]
The following intersections are hereby designated as stop intersections, and
stop signs shall be installed on the street as indicated:
Intersection Stop Sign On
Adams Avenue and Hamilton Avenue
[Added 11-10-1999 by Ord. No.
24-1999]
Adams Avenue
Adams Avenue and Patcong Avenue
[Added 11-10-1999 by Ord. No.
24-1999]
Adams Avenue
Arbor Court and Arbor Drive Arbor Drive
Arbor Drive and Myrtle Avenue Myrtle Avenue
Arbor Drive and Sunset-Hollycroft Sunset-Hollycroft
Barr Avenue and Lincoln Avenue Lincoln Avenue
Bartlett Avenue and Bartlett Drive
[Added 9-10-2008 by Ord. No.
17-2008]
Bartlett Drive
Bartlett Avenue and Marie Avenue
[Added 9-10-2008 by Ord. No.
17-2008]
Marie Avenue
Bartlett Avenue and Pierce Avenue
[Added 9-10-2008 by Ord. No.
17-2008]
Pierce Avenue
Bartlett Avenue (east) and Van Sant
Avenue [Added 9-10-2008 by Ord.
No. 17-2008]
Bartlett Avenue
Angle parking along Belhaven Avenue between Shore Road and Wabash
Avenue is hereby permitted along the south side of Belhaven Avenue at
a ninety-degree angle between a certain area designated and described
as follows: beginning at a point 456 feet west of the southwesterly
corner line of Shore Road and Belhaven Avenue and extending westerly
along the southerly curbline of Belhaven Avenue, a distance of 256 feet;
provided, however, that no parking shall be permitted in front of the
two ten-foot walkways along the southerly curbline of Belhaven Avenue,
which lead to the Belhaven Avenue School, and that no parking shall be
permitted along the southerly curbline within the area 20 feet from the
southeasterly corner of Belhaven Avenue and Wabash Avenue.
A.
Angle parking along east Wabash Avenue between Patcong Avenue
and Belhaven Avenue is hereby permitted along the west side of East
Wabash Avenue. [Added 8-13-1997 by Ord. No. 1-1997]
B.
§ 263-8 LINWOOD CODE § 263-9
228:140
Intersection Stop Sign On
Bartlett Avenue (west) and Van Sant
Avenue [Added 9-10-2008 by Ord.
No. 17-2008]
Bartlett Avenue
Belhaven Avenue and East Wabash
Avenue [Added 8-13-1997 by Ord.
No. 10-1997]
Westerly side of East Wabash
Avenue for traffic proceeding
southbound on East Wabash Avenue
Belhaven Avenue and East Wabash
Avenue [Added 8-13-1997 by Ord.
No. 10-1997]
Easterly side of East Wabash Avenue
for traffic proceeding northbound on
East Wabash Avenue
Belhaven Avenue and Schoolhouse
Drive [Added 10-25-2000 by Ord.
No. 16-2000]
Belhaven Avenue
Brandywine Court and Vernon
Avenue [Added 11-10-1999 by
Ord. No. 24-1999]
Brandywine Court
Cambridge Avenue and Franklin
Boulevard
Cambridge Avenue
Cedarbrook Lane and Central
Avenue
Cedarbrook Lane
Cedarbrook Lane and Oak Avenue Cedarbrook Lane
Central Avenue and the bicycle path
[Added 9-10-1997 by Ord. No.
12-1997]
Central Avenue and the bicycle path
(4-way stop)
Danielle Drive and Cedarbrook Lane
South [Added 2-13-2008 by Ord.
No. 1-2008]
Danielle Drive
Danielle Drive and Cedarbrook Lane
West [Added 2-13-2008 by Ord.
No. 1-2008]
Danielle Drive
Davis Avenue and Brighton Avenue Brighton Avenue
Davis Avenue and Lincoln Avenue Lincoln Avenue
Dawn Street and Franklin Boulevard Dawn Street
Dee Drive and Lincoln Avenue Dee Drive
Devon Drive and East Drive Devon Drive
Devon Drive and Meadow View Devon Drive
Devonshire Avenue and the and
bicycle path [Added 9-10-1997 by
Ord. No. 12-1997]
Devonshire Avenue bicycle path
(4-way stop)
Dianne Court and East Drive Dianne Court
Dianne Court and Meadow View Dianne Court
§ 263-9 SMOKING § 263-9
228:141
Intersection Stop Sign On
East Drive and Woodlynne
Boulevard
Woodlynne Boulevard
East Wabash Avenue and Laurel
Avenue
Laurel Avenue
East Wabash Avenue and Marvin
Avenue
Marvin Avenue
Fischer Road and Burroughs Road
[Added 11-10-1999 by Ord. No.
24-1999]
Fischer Road
Fischer Road and Pond Lane
[Added 11-10-1999 by Ord. No.
24-1999]
Pond Lane
Francis Avenue and Grammercy
Avenue
Grammercy Avenue
Franklin Boulevard and East Drive East Drive
Franklin Boulevard and Helena
Drive
Helena Drive
Franklin Boulevard and Hemlock
Drive
Hemlock Drive
Franklin Boulevard and
Meadowview Avenue
Meadowview Avenue
Franklin Boulevard and Seaview
Avenue [Added 7-8-1992 by Ord.
No. 4-1992]
Franklin Boulevard and Seaview
Avenue (4-way stop)
Grammercy Avenue and Barr
Avenue [Added 11-10-1999 by
Ord. No. 24-1999]
Grammercy Avenue
Grammercy Avenue and Beech
Street [Added 5-12-2004 by Ord.
No. 11-2004]
Beech Street
Grammercy Avenue and Davis
Avenue [Added 11-10-1999 by
Ord. No. 24-1999]
Grammercy Avenue
Grammercy Avenue and Haines
Avenue [Added 11-10-1999 by
Ord. No. 24-1999]
Grammercy Avenue
Grammercy Avenue and Ocean
Heights Avenue [Added
11-10-1999 by Ord. No. 24-1999]
Grammercy Avenue
Grammercy Avenue and Royal
Avenue [Added 5-12-2004 by Ord.
No. 11-2004]
Royal Avenue
§ 263-9 LINWOOD CODE § 263-9
228:142
Intersection Stop Sign On
Grammercy Avenue and Wilson
Avenue [Added 11-10-1999 by
Ord. No. 24-1999]
Grammercy Avenue
Grant Avenue and Hamilton Avenue
[Added 11-10-1999 by Ord. No.
24-1999]
Grant Avenue
Grant Avenue and Patcong Avenue
[Added 11-10-1999 by Ord. No.
24-1999]
Grant Avenue
Haines Avenue and Lincoln Avenue Lincoln Avenue
Helena Drive and Franklin
Boulevard
Helena Drive
Holly Lane and Woodlynne
Boulevard
Woodlynne Boulevard
Iona Avenue and Woodlynne
Boulevard
Woodlynne Boulevard
Jefferson Avenue and Pine Avenue Pine Avenue
Kirklin Avenue and Grammercy
Avenue
Grammercy Avenue
Laurel Avenue and Wabash Avenue Laurel Avenue
Leenie Lane and Central Avenue16 Leenie Lane
Leenie Lane and Danielle Drive
[Added 2-13-2008 by Ord. No.
1-2008]
Leenie Lane
Lexington Court and Vernon Avenue
[Added 11-10-1999 by Ord. No.
24-1999]
Lexington Court
Marvin Avenue and Warren Avenue Warren Avenue
Meadowview Avenue and Woodlynne
Boulevard
Woodlynne Boulevard
Monroe Avenue and Richard Drive
[Added 9-10-2008 by Ord. No.
17-2008]
Richard Drive
Morris Avenue and Oak Avenue Oak Avenue, southerly approach
facing northbound
Morris Avenue and Grant Avenue
[Added 8-10-2011 by Ord. No.
12-2011]
Morris Avenue
16.Editor's Note: The ordinance that added this entry originally provided for a stop sign on
Danielle Drive, but the name "Danielle Drive" was changed to "Leenie Lane" on 3-9-1977
by Ord. No. 3-1977.
§ 263-9 SMOKING § 263-9
228:143
Intersection Stop Sign On
Morris Avenue and Schoolhouse
Drive [Added 10-25-2000 by Ord.
No. 16-2000]
Morris Avenue
Patcong Avenue and the bicycle path
[Added 9-10-1997 by Ord. No.
12-1997]
Patcong Avenue and bicycle path
(4-way stop)
Pine Street and Edgewood Avenue
[Added 11-10-1999 by Ord. No.
24-1999]
Pine Street
Pine Street and VanSant Avenue
[Added 11-10-1999 by Ord. No.
24-1999]
Pine Street
Poplar Avenue and the bicycle path
[Added 9-10-1997 by Ord. No.
12-1997]
Poplar Avenue and bicycle path
(4-way stop)
Sandy Court and Cedarbrook Lane
South [Added 2-13-2008 by Ord.
No. 1-2008]
Sandy Court
School House Drive and Dartmouth
Lane [Added 8-10-2011 by Ord.
No. 12-2011]
Dartmouth Lane
School House Drive and Grant
Avenue [Added 8-10-2011 by Ord.
No. 12-2011]
School House Drive and Grant
Avenue (4-way stop)
School House Drive and Harvard
Lane [Added 8-10-2011 by Ord.
No. 12-2011]
Harvard Lane
School House Drive and Princeton
Lane [Added 8-10-2011 by Ord.
No. 12-2011]
Princeton Lane
School House Drive and Yale Lane
[Added 8-10-2011 by Ord. No.
12-2011]
Yale Lane
Seaview Avenue and Wabash Avenue
[Amended 7-10-1991 by Ord. No.
11-1991]
Seaview Avenue and Wabash Avenue
(3-way stop)
State Street and Lincoln Avenue State Street
Sterling Avenue and Lincoln Avenue Lincoln Avenue
Van Sant Avenue and Bartlett Drive
[Added 9-10-2008 by Ord. No.
17-2008]
Bartlett Drive
Van Sant Avenue and Bryant Avenue Bryant Avenue
§ 263-9 LINWOOD CODE § 263-9
228:144
Intersection Stop Sign On
Van Sant Avenue and Richard Drive
[Added 9-10-2008 by Ord. No.
17-2008]
Richard Drive
Vernon Avenue and Sutton Avenue
[Added 11-10-1999 by Ord. No.
24-1999]
Sutton Avenue
Vernon Avenue and Warren Avenue Warren Avenue
Wabash Avenue and Devonshire
Avenue [Added 9-13-2006 by Ord.
No. 24-2006]
Wabash Avenue and Devonshire
Avenue (4-way stop)
Wabash Avenue and Francis Avenue Francis Avenue
Wabash Avenue and Garfield Avenue
[Added 5-24-2006 by Ord. No.
17-2006]
Wabash Avenue and Garfield Avenue
(4-way stop)
Wabash Avenue and Greenwich
Avenue [Amended 5-24-2006 by
Ord. No. 17-2006]
Wabash Avenue and Greenwich
Avenue (4-way stop)
Wabash Avenue and Kirklin Avenue Kirklin Avenue
Wabash Avenue and Patcong Avenue
[Added 10-11-2006 by Ord. No.
26-2006]
Wabash Avenue and Patcong Avenue
(4-way stop)
Wabash Avenue and Poplar Avenue
[Added 2-14-2007 by Ord. No.
3-2007]
Wabash Avenue and Poplar Avenue
(4-way stop)
West Avenue and Seaview Avenue
[Added 2-25-2009 by Ord. No.
3-2009]
West Avenue
Wilson Avenue and Lincoln Avenue Lincoln Avenue
Woodlynne Boulevard and Glenside
Avenue [Added 7-10-1991 by Ord.
No. 11-1991]
Woodlynne Boulevard and Glenside
Avenue (4-way stop)
Woodlynne Boulevard and Meadow
View
Woodlynne Boulevard, northerly
approach
Woodlynne Boulevard and Patcong
Avenue
Patcong Avenue
Wood Street and Lincoln Avenue Wood Street
§ 263-10. Truck routes. [Added 9-9-1987 by Ord. No. 10-1987]
The following streets or parts of streets are hereby designated as routes
for trucks over four tons; all trucks having a total combined gross weight
of vehicle plus load in excess of four tons shall be excluded from all other
streets except for pickup or delivery of materials:
§ 263-9 SMOKING § 263-10
228:145
§ 263-11. Violations and penalties. [Amended 2-24-1993 by Ord. No.
2-1993]
The penalties for a violation of this article shall be $33 payable to the
Municipal Court Clerk through the Linwood Violations Bureau.
§ 263-12. When effective.
This article shall take effect upon final passage, publication and approval by
the Commissioner of Motor Vehicles of the State of New Jersey.
A. Central Avenue: entire length.
Poplar Avenue: from Shore Road (County Road 585) to the City of
Linwood - Egg Harbor Township corporate line.
B.
Ocean Heights Avenue (County Road 559): from Shore Road (County
Road 585) to the City of Linwood - Egg Harbor Township corporate line.
C.
D. U.S. Route 9 (New Road): entire length.
§ 263-10 LINWOOD CODE § 263-12
228:146
ARTICLE II
Parking in Public Parks
[Adopted 12-13-1967 as Ch. 53, Art. II, of the 1967 Code]
§ 263-13. Public and recreational parks.
Pursuant to P.L. 1956, c. 186, also being N.J.S.A. 39:4-197, the following
regulations for the parking of vehicles upon land owned and hereafter
acquired and maintained by the City of Linwood as a public park and place
of recreation are hereby adopted:
§ 263-14. Notice to public.
Pursuant to N.J.S.A. 39:4-198, due notice thereof shall be given to the public
by placing a sign at the place where the ordinance is effective and by
briefing its provisions on signs according to specifications contained in said
chapter or any supplement thereto. Said signs shall be so placed as to be
easily read by pedestrians or operators of vehicles.
§ 263-15. Violations and penalties.
For a violation of a provision of this article for which no specific penalty is
provided by statute, the offender shall be liable to a penalty of not more
than $50 or imprisonment for a term not exceeding 15 days, or both.
No vehicles shall be parked at any time on the lands owned and
hereafter acquired and maintained by the City of Linwood, in Atlantic
County, New Jersey, as a public park and place of recreation, situate
in Blocks 183, 184 and 185, Linwood Tax Map, except in the following
locations, namely:
Vehicles may be parked within a line which is parallel to and distant
40 feet southeastwardly from the southeasterly line of Wabash
Avenue within said City park and place of recreation and also for
a distance of 100 feet along Wabash Avenue commencing from
the northeasterly line of said park and extending southeastwardly
between parallel lines of a width of 100 feet a distance of 190 feet.
(1)
A.
§ 263-13 SMOKING § 263-15
228:147

ARTICLE III
Authorization for Closing Streets
[Adopted 4-11-1973 by Ord. No. 4-1973]
§ 263-16. Authority of Mayor to close certain streets.
It is determined that it may become necessary to close certain streets
to motor vehicle traffic during such times as may be warranted for the
preservation of the public safety, health and welfare, pursuant to N.J.S.A.
40:67-16.9, and the Mayor of Linwood is hereby duly authorized to provide
by regulation for the closing of the following streets to motor vehicle traffic
whenever he deems it necessary for the aforesaid reasons:
§ 263-17. Posting of signs.
Whenever the Mayor shall determine that the aforesaid areas are to be
closed to motor vehicle traffic, he shall cause warning signs to be posted,
and said signs shall be so placed as to be easily read by pedestrians or
operators of vehicles in accordance with N.J.S.A. 39:4-198.
The easterly side of Wabash Avenue, from Edgewood Avenue to
Devonshire Avenue.
A.
The northerly and southerly sides of West Avenue at its intersection
with Ocean Heights Avenue be and are hereby closed to all northbound
and southbound vehicular traffic. [Added 11-14-2001 by Ord. No.
23-2001; amended 2-12-2002 by Ord. No. 1-2002]
A barricade, the specific nature of which shall be determined,
shall be constructed at the northerly and/or southerly end of West
Avenue at its intersection with Ocean Heights Avenue for the
purpose of preventing northbound and southbound vehicular traffic
onto West Avenue at its intersection with Ocean Heights Avenue.
(1)
All regulations promulgated by the Common Council under and
in accordance with Subsection B(1) above, shall provide for the
posting of proper warning signs of such closing in any street or
portion thereof.
(2)
The closing of the aforesaid intersection for northerly and southerly
traffic on West Avenue at its intersection with Ocean Heights
Avenue is necessary for the preservation of the public safety, health
and welfare.
(3)
Any violation of this subsection or any regulation promulgated
hereunder shall be punished by a fine not to exceed $50.
(4)
Any regulation adopted under this subsection shall not become
effective unless and until it has been submitted to and approved
by the Commissioner of the Department of Transportation that the
closing shall be for more than 48 continuous hours.
(5)
B.
§ 263-16 SMOKING § 263-18
228:149
§ 263-18. Violations and penalties. [Amended 2-24-1993 by Ord. No.
2-1993; 3-24-1994 by Ord. No. 3-1994]
Any motor vehicle operator convicted of violating a provision of this article
or the regulations promulgated thereunder by the Mayor of the City of
Linwood shall be liable to a penalty of not more than $76 or imprisonment
for a term not exceeding 15 days, or both.
§ 263-19. Approval by Commissioner of Transportation.
This article or any regulation promulgated thereunder shall not take effect
unless and until it shall have been approved by the Commissioner of
Transportation of the Department of Transportation.
§ 263-18 LINWOOD CODE § 263-19
228:150
ARTICLE IV
Permit Parking
[Adopted 7-9-1986 by Ord. No. 11-1986]
§ 263-20. Prohibited parking; permit required.
§ 263-21. Permit fees. [Amended 10-8-1986 by Ord. No. 14-1986;
12-11-1991 by Ord. No. 19-1991; 5-9-2001 by Ord. No. 9-2001]
The above-mentioned parking permits will be available at a cost per
calendar year as follows:
§ 263-22. Violations and penalties.
There shall be no parking on the south side of Seaview Avenue from a
point 332 feet east of Franklin Boulevard, continuing eastward to the
edge of the water.
A.
Parking on the north side of Seaview Avenue from a point 332 feet east
of Franklin Boulevard, continuing eastward to the edge of the water,
shall be restricted to those vehicles with a valid parking permit, such
permit being described herein. [Amended 10-8-1986 by Ord. No.
14-1986]
B.
Parking will be permitted by permit only from a point 510 feet from
New Road, continuing 580 feet to the end of Hamilton Avenue.
C.
January 1 through March 31: $20 per permit, except for senior citizens
65 years or older, where the fee will be $5 per permit.
A.
Permits purchased subsequent to March 31 and prior to Labor Day will
be available at a cost of $50 per permit.
B.
Permits purchased from Labor Day through December 31 will be
available at a cost of $20 per permit.
C.
The penalties for violation of this article for a first offense shall be
a fine of $36, which may be paid to the Court Clerk. For a second
and ensuing offenses, a fine of $36 to $100 must be paid in court.
[Amended 12-12-1990 by Ord. No. 20-1990; 2-24-1993 by Ord.
No. 2-1993; 3-10-1993 by Ord. No. 4-1993]
A.
An operator of a vehicle who is not the owner, but who uses or operates
the vehicle with the permission of the owner, express or implied, shall
be considered the agent of the owner to receive parking tickets served
in accordance with N.J.S.A. 39:4-139.4b. [Added 2-24-1993 by Ord.
No. 1-1993]
B.
§ 263-20 SMOKING § 263-23
228:151
§ 263-23. Purchase of permits; maximum number. [Amended last
5-9-2001 by Ord. No. 9-2001; 11-25-2002 by Ord. No. 24-2002]
Permits shall be available for purchase from the office of the City Clerk
during normal business hours. A maximum number of 450 permits shall be
made available for purchase per calendar year.
§ 263-23 LINWOOD CODE § 263-23
228:152
ARTICLE V
Supplemental Violations Bureau Schedule
[Adopted 2-11-2004 by Ord. No. 4-2004]
§ 263-24. Surcharge on violation fees.
The City of Linwood is desirous of creating a Local Supplemental
Violations Bureau Schedule in accordance with Rule 7:12-4 for the
purpose of adding a surcharge on all motor vehicle traffic and parking
related offenses.
A.
All violation fees for motor vehicle traffic and parking offenses shall
include an additional surcharge of $4 representing $2 for New Jersey
Forensic DNA Laboratory Fund, representing $1 for the Autism Medical
Research and Treatment Fund and representing $1 for the Brain Injury
Research Fund. [Amended 7-14-2004 by Ord. No. 16-2004]
B.
All violation fees for motor vehicle traffic and parking offenses shall
include an additional surcharge of $3 to reflect the new court cost
assessment in accordance with the Automated Traffic System Statewide
Modernization Fund Act. [Added 9-8-2004 by Ord. No. 19-2004]
C.
§ 263-24 SMOKING § 263-24
228:153

ARTICLE VI
Traffic Control Standards for Construction and Road Repairs
[Adopted 3-12-2014 by Ord. No. 4-2014]
§ 263-25. Purpose.
The purpose of this article is to establish controls and regulations directed
toward the safe and expeditious movement of traffic through construction
and maintenance zones throughout the City of Linwood and to provide
for the safety and compensation of the members of the Linwood Police
Department performing these operations. In addition, provisions of this
article shall apply to all assignments which originate from a request for
assistance or aid by any chief of police, chief law enforcement officer or
designee of a bona fide state, county, or municipal police department in the
State of New Jersey, regardless of the geographic location of the assignment
being inside, contiguous or extraterritorial to the City of Linwood, provided
the entity making the request for assistance or aid agrees to make the
payments required by § 263-34 of this article.
§ 263-26. Adoption of standards.
§ 263-27. Preconstruction meetings.
It shall be the responsibility of the person, contractor, or utility wishing to
conduct work on, under or above the roadway to contact the Chief of Police,
or his designee of the City of Linwood Police Department in order to arrange
a preconstruction meeting to submit plans for the safe movement of traffic
during such period of construction work. The Chief of Police or his designee
has the authority to dictate the number of certified police officers required
to ensure the safe movement of traffic in the construction zone. Any person,
contractor or utility who fails to comply with this article prior to the start
The City of Linwood, through the Mayor and City Council, hereby
finds and declares that problems of traffic control occur when traffic
must be moved through or around street construction, maintenance
operations and utility work, above and below ground, which requires
blocking streets and obstructing the normal flow of traffic, and that
such obstructions are or can become dangerous when not properly
controlled. In order to better promote the public health, safety, peace
and welfare, it is necessary to enact such guiding principals whereas
the aforementioned potential problems may be prevented and avoided.
A.
The City of Linwood, through the Mayor and City Council, does hereby
adopt the current Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices, as
published by the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), hereafter
known as "MUTCD," except as hereby supplemented and amended, as it
controls and regulates whenever construction, maintenance operations
or utility work obstructs the normal flow of traffic. Any person,
contractor, or utility who fails to comply with the provisions of the
MUTCD while performing such work is in violation of this article.
B.
§ 263-25 SMOKING § 263-27
228:155
of such work or whose plans are not approved by the Chief of Police is in
violation of this article.
§ 263-28. Hazardous conditions.
The person, contractor, or utility shall provide the City of Linwood Police
Department with at least two emergency contact telephone numbers to be
called in case of any emergency at the construction or maintenance site
prior to the start of any work. If for any reason the emergency contact
person cannot be reached, or if the emergency contact person does not
respond to the call from the City of Linwood Police Department to correct
a hazardous condition, the City may respond and correct such hazardous
condition. The reasonable fees for such emergency service by the City shall
be charged to the person, contractor, or utility for such conditions.
§ 263-29. Hours of road work.
There shall be no construction, maintenance operations or utility work on
any roadway in the City before the hour of 7:00 a.m. or after 5:00 p.m. This
time limit may be adjusted to permit work prior to 7:00 a.m. or after 5:00
p.m. by the Chief of Police, or his designee of the City of Linwood Police
Department if it is determined by the Chief of Police, or his designee, that
reasonable conditions apply and after thoroughly reviewing such request.
§ 263-30. Road closings and detours.
Road closings and/or traffic detours shall not be permitted unless previously
approved by the Chief of Police, or his designee of the City of Linwood Police
Department.
§ 263-31. Police traffic directors.
Police traffic directors, i.e., those police officers certified by a New Jersey
Police Training Commission certified police academy, or an accredited
college, secondary school, traffic institute or university as knowledgeable
on the MUTCD, shall be posted at all construction or maintenance sites
when determined by the Chief of Police, or his designee, that same is
necessary to provide for the safe and expeditious movement of traffic.
§ 263-32. Authority to stop work.
The Chief of Police shall have the authority to stop work, including effecting
the removal of equipment and vehicles, stored material within the street
right-of-way, back filling of open excavations and/or other related work, in
order to abate any nuisance and/or safety hazard, or for any violation of
this article. The City may respond and correct any such hazardous and/or
nuisance conditions. The reasonable fees for such emergency service by the
City shall be charged to the person, contractor, or utility responsible for
such conditions.
§ 263-27 LINWOOD CODE § 263-33
228:156
§ 263-33. Site preparation.
No materials, vehicles, or equipment are to be placed in the roadway or
sidewalk until all construction signs, warning lights, devices, and pavement
markings are installed.
§ 263-34. Requests and payment for services of police traffic
directors.
All requests to the City for the services of off-duty law enforcement
officers in the City of Linwood shall be forwarded to the Chief of
Police. Any law enforcement officer, when so employed by the City,
shall be treated as an employee of the City; provided, however, that
wages earned for outside employment shall not be applied toward
the pension benefits of law enforcement officers so employed, nor
shall hours worked for outside employment be considered in any way
compensable as overtime.
A.
Payment for all certified police officers working all construction
highway/street details for directing the appropriate movement of traffic
flow may be coordinated by the Chief of Police or his designee. The
payment shall be the appropriate rate as designated by this article.
An administrative fee shall be added to the subtotal for all expenses
that are required. The aforementioned administrative fees shall be
waived for nonprofit organizations, local government, local government
authorities, or other special districts of government, and any other
just cause as determined by the Chief of Police and affirmed through
resolution of the Linwood City Council.
Rate: The rate of compensation for contracting the services of offduty
law enforcement officers shall be at the rate of $70 per hour.
[Amended 2-27-2019 by Ord. No. 5-2019]
(1)
Administrative fee: The City of Linwood shall assess an
administrative fee of $10 per hour for every officer assigned to the
detail. This fee will be added to the rate charged and described
in Subsection B(1) above and will be retained by the City to cover
associated manpower costs.
(2)
Vehicle fee: $50 a day per vehicle to defray the cost of
maintenance, upkeep, and fuel.
(3)
Minimum block of time: A minimum of four hours will be paid for
each officer working each detail, regardless of the actual amount
of time worked.
(4)
If a contractor finds it necessary to cancel a detail for any reason,
then he must do so at least two hours prior the commencement
time of the detail. If the contractor fails to provide notification of
cancellation at least two or more hours prior to the commencement
time, then all officers assigned to the detail will receive four hours
of paid time, for which the contractor shall reimburse the City of
(5)
B.
§ 263-33 SMOKING § 263-34
228:157
§ 263-35. Insurance for police traffic directors.
The person, contractor, or utility company shall provide the City of Linwood
a certificate of insurance in a form acceptable to the City, naming the City
of Linwood as an additional insured on a general liability insurance policy
having policy limits not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence.
§ 263-36. Indemnification and hold-harmless agreement.
Any person, contractor, or utility company shall complete and sign an
application for a police traffic director, which said application shall contain
an agreement to indemnify and hold harmless the City of Linwood for any
Linwood through the appropriate escrow account. At the time of
booking the detail, a contractor shall be informed of the proper
notification procedure to follow in the event of a cancellation.
Any person or entity requesting the services of an off-duty law
enforcement officer in the Linwood Police Department shall estimate
the number of hours such law enforcement services are required, which
estimate shall be approved, in writing, by the Chief of Police and shall
be established in an escrow account with the Chief Financial Officer
of the City by depositing an amount sufficient to cover the rates of
compensation and administrative fees set forth in Subsection B for the
total estimated hours of service.
C.
Prior to posting any request for services of off-duty law enforcement
officers, the Chief of Police, or his designee, shall verify that the balance
in the escrow account of the person or entity requesting services is
sufficient to cover the compensation and fees for the number of hours
specified in the request for services. The Chief of Police shall not
post a request for services from any person or entity unless all fees
and compensation required in the manner described above have been
deposited with the Chief Financial Officer. No officer shall provide any
such services for more hours than are specified in the request for
services.
D.
In the event the funds in such an escrow account should become
depleted, services of off-duty law enforcement officers shall cease and
requests for further or future services shall not be performed or posted
until additional funds have been deposited in the escrow account in the
manner prescribed above.
E.
The person or entity requesting such services shall be responsible for
ensuring that sufficient funds remain in the escrow account in order to
avoid any interruption of services.
The prepayment requirement shall not apply in cases of utility
emergency, i.e., gas main leak, telephone pole damaged in a motor
vehicle collision, etc. In those cases, the utility will be billed for all
services rendered.
(1)
F.
§ 263-34 LINWOOD CODE § 263-36
228:158
claims or actions brought as a result of the use of City of Linwood police
officers by said party, including all attorney fees.
§ 263-37. Violations and penalties.
Any person, contractor, or utility who commits a violation of this article
shall, upon conviction thereof, for the first offense, pay a fine of not
less than $500 nor more than $1,000 and/or may be imprisoned in the
county jail for a term not exceeding 90 days, or both; for a second
offense, upon conviction thereof, pay a fine of not less than $1,000 nor
more than $2,500 and/or may be imprisoned in the county jail for a
period of 90 days.
A.
A separate offense shall be deemed committed on each day on which
each violation occurs or continues to occur.
B.
§ 263-36 SMOKING § 263-37
228:159
Chapter 277
ZONING
GENERAL REFERENCES
Land use procedures — See Ch. 41.
Affordable housing — See Ch. 78.
Brush, grass and weeds — See Ch. 99.
Uniform construction codes — See Ch. 119.
Development fees — See Ch. 124.
Zoning fees — See Ch. 140, Art. I.
Flood hazard areas — See Ch. 155.
Property maintenance — See Ch. 205.
Satellite earth station antennas — See Ch.
216.
Sewers — See Ch. 221.
Site clearing — See Ch. 224.
Soil removal — See Ch. 232.
Stormwater management — See Ch. 238.
§ 263-37 LINWOOD CODE § 263-37
228:160
ARTICLE I
Purposes
§ 277-1. Zoning plan; intent.
There is hereby established a Comprehensive Zoning Plan for the City of
Linwood, which plan is set forth in the text and map that constitute this
chapter. Said plan is adopted to promote the public health, safety, morals,
general welfare and all other purposes enumerated in 40:55D-1 et seq. of
the Revised Statutes of the State of New Jersey.
§ 277-1 SMOKING § 277-1
228:161

ARTICLE II
Definitions
§ 277-2. Word usage.
For the purpose of this chapter:
§ 277-3. Terms defined.
Definitions and usages. Unless otherwise expressly stated, the following
terms shall, for the purpose of this chapter, have the meanings as herein
defined. Whenever a term is used in this chapter which is defined in the
Municipal Land Use Law (MLUL),17 such term shall have the same meaning
as the MLUL. The inclusion of a definition in this section shall not be
deemed to imply that the use is a permitted accessory or conditional use in
any zone unless explicitly authorized as such.
ABUTTING COUNTY ROAD — Any existing or proposed county road shown
on the adopted County Master Plan or Official Map which adjoins or lies
within a lot or parcel of land submitted for subdivision or site plan approval.
ACCESS — A physical entrance to property.
ACCESSORY BUILDING OR STRUCTURE — A building or structure, the use
of which is customarily incidental and subordinate to that of the principal
building located on the same lot. When an accessory building is attached in
A. The present tense shall include the future.
B. The singular number shall include the plural and the plural the singular.
C. The word "shall" is always mandatory; the word "may" is discretionary.
D. The words "zone" and "district" are synonymous.
E. The word "building" includes "structure" and any part thereof.
The phrase "used for" includes "arranged for," "designed for," "intended
for," "maintained for," "constructed for," "altered for," "converted for,"
"rented for," "leased for," or "occupied for."
F.
The word "person" includes an individual, corporation, partnership,
incorporated association, or any similar legal entity.
G.
The word "includes" or "including" shall not limit the term to the
specified examples, but is intended to extend its meaning to all other
instances of like kind and character.
H.
The terms "Board" and "Planning Board" are intended to mean the
board of jurisdiction before which an application is made for
development. [Amended 4-11-2018 by Ord. No. 6-2018]
I.
17.Editor's Note: See N.J.S.A. 40:55D-1 et seq.
§ 277-2 SMOKING § 277-3
228:163
a substantial manner by a wall or roof to a principal building or structure, it
shall be considered a part thereof.
ACCESSORY USE — A use of land or of a building or portion thereof
customarily incidental and subordinate to the principal use of the land or
building and located on the same lot as the principal use.
ADDITION — A structure added to the original structure at some time after
the completion of the original structure.
ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICER — For the purposes of this chapter, the
administrative officer shall be the City Clerk unless the City Council
designates a different municipal official.
AISLE — The traveled way by which cars enter and depart parking spaces.
ALLEY — A service way providing vehicular service access or pedestrian
access to the back or side of properties otherwise abutting on a street.
ALTERATION — Any change or rearrangement in the supporting members
of an existing building such as bearing walls, columns, beams, girders
or interior partitions, as well as any change in doors or windows or any
enlargement or diminution of a building or structure. "Alteration" shall also
mean and include any conversion of a building or a part thereof from one
use to another or the moving of a building or structure from one location
to another. "Alteration" shall not be construed to mean any necessary
repairs and renovation of an existing structure solely for the purpose of
maintenance and/or improvements of the appearance.
ANTENNA — Any transmitting or receiving device mounted on a tower,
building or structure, and used for communications that radiate or capture
electromagnetic waves, digital signals, analog signals, radio frequencies
(excluding radar signals), wireless communications signals or other
communication signals. Excepted from this definition are antennas used
exclusively by ham radio operators or other residential users.
APARTMENT — One or more rooms with private bath and kitchen facilities
constituting an independent, self-contained dwelling unit in a building
containing two or more dwelling units.
APPLICANT — A developer submitting an application for development.
APPLICATION FOR DEVELOPMENT — The application form and all
accompanying documents required by ordinance for approval of a
subdivision plan, site plan, planned development, conditional use, zoning
variance or direction of the issuance of a permit pursuant to this chapter.
APPROVED PLAN — A plan which has been granted final approval by the
Planning Board of the City of Linwood.[Amended 4-11-2018 by Ord. No.
6-2018]
APPROVING AUTHORITY — The City of Linwood Planning Board, unless
a different agency is designated by this chapter.[Amended 4-11-2018 by
Ord. No. 6-2018]
§ 277-3 LINWOOD CODE § 277-3
228:164
APPURTENANCES — The visible, functional, or ornamental objects
accessory to and part of buildings.
ARCHITECTURAL DETAILS — The use of elements such as, but not limited
to, roofed open porches, chimneys, and stairs (open and covered), to
provide architectural interest and variation in the building facade. In no
case are cantilevers considered architectural details.
ASSOCIATION — The entity responsible for the administration of a
condominium, which entity may be incorporated or unincorporated.
ATTIC — The open, nonhabitable space between the ceiling beams of the
top habitable story and the roof rafters in any building.
BASEMENT — A floor partially below grade level having 1/2 or more of its
floor-to-ceiling height above grade and with a floor-to-ceiling height of not
less than seven feet. A basement shall be counted as a story if used for
business purposes.
BILLBOARD — A sign advertising an occupant, product or service on other
than the lot upon which the billboard is located.
BLOCK — The length of a street between two street intersections.
BOARD — The City of Linwood Planning Board, acting on an application for
development.[Amended 4-11-2018 by Ord. No. 6-2018]
BOAT — A vehicle for traveling in or on water.
BRIDGE — A structure designed to convey vehicles and/or pedestrians over
a watercourse, railroad, street or any depression.
BUILDING — A combination of materials to form a construction adapted to
permanent, temporary or continuous occupancy and having a roof.
BUILDING COVERAGE, PRINCIPAL — The ratio of the horizontal area of all
principal buildings measured from the exterior surface of the exterior walls
of the ground floor on a lot to the total lot area, exclusive of roof overhangs,
unenclosed decks and patios.
BUILDING ENVELOPE — The two-dimensional space within which a
principal structure is permitted to be built on a lot and that is defined by
minimum yard setbacks.
BUILDING HEIGHT — See "height of building."
BUILDING LINE — A line parallel to the street line or the lot line touching
that part of a building closest to the street or lot line. In the case of a
cantilevered section of a building, the building line will coincide with the
most projected surface. All yard requirements shall be measured to the
building line.
BULK REGULATIONS — Standards and controls that establish the
maximum size of buildings and structures on a lot and the buildable area
within which the building can be located, including coverage, setbacks,
height, and yard requirements.
§ 277-3 SMOKING § 277-3
228:165
CABLE TELEVISION COMPANY — A cable television company as defined
pursuant to Section 3 of P.L. 1972, c.186 (N.J.S.A. 48:5A-3).
CALIPER — The diameter of a tree trunk measured in inches a distance of
six inches off of the ground.
CANOPY — A self-supporting roof-like shelter or marquee without sides,
permanently affixed to the wall of a building and providing overhead
protection from the weather at an entrance to said building, which shall be
construed to be a part of the building to which it is affixed.
CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM — A timetable or schedule of all
future capital improvements to be carried out during a specific period and
listed in order of priority, and may also include cost estimates and the
anticipated means of financing each project.
CARTWAY — The hard or paved area of a street between the curbs,
including travel lanes and parking areas, but not including curbs, sidewalks
or swales.
CELLAR — See "basement."
CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY (CO) — A document issued by the
Construction Official allowing the occupancy or use of a building and
certifying that the structure or use has been constructed and/or renovated
according to and in compliance with all the applicable state codes and
municipal ordinances and resolutions.
CERTIFICATION — A signed, written statement by the City Engineer and/or
Construction Official that specific constructions, inspections or tests, where
required, have been performed and that such comply with the applicable
requirements of this chapter or regulations adopted hereunder.
CHANGE IN USE — Any use of a building or land which is in any manner
different from the previous use by way of function, operation, extent,
products sold or manufactured and the like, but not including a change in
ownership or occupancy unless the nature of the use, as described above, is
changed.
CHILD-CARE CENTER — An establishment providing for the care,
supervision and protection of children that is licensed by the State of New
Jersey pursuant to P.L. 1983, c. 492 (N.J.S.A. 30:5B-1 et seq.).
CIRCULATION — Systems, structures and physical improvements for the
movement of people, goods, water, air, sewage or power by such means
as streets, highways, railways, waterways, towers, airways, pipes and
conduits, and the handling of people and goods by such means as terminals,
stations, warehouses and other storage buildings or transshipment points.
CITY ENGINEER — That person appointed to the position by the City
Council.
CLUB — A group of people organized for a common purpose to pursue
common goals, interests, or activities, and usually characterized by certain
membership qualifications, payment of fees and dues, regular meetings, and
a constitution and bylaws.
§ 277-3 LINWOOD CODE § 277-3
228:166
CLUSTER HOME — A freestanding detached building on one lot within a
lot held in common ownership, serving one family. One wall of the building
may be located on the side property line, provided that said wall is not more
than 15 feet in height.
CO-LOCATION — The use of a common wireless telecommunications tower
or a common structure, by two or more wireless license holders or
unlicensed holders nevertheless regulated by the Federal Communications
Commission or by one wireless license holder for more than one type
of communications technology and/or the placement of a wireless
telecommunication tower on a structure owned or operated by a utility or
other public entity.
COMMERCIAL VEHICLES — A truck, bus, van, sedan, delivery vehicle,
station wagon with advertising matter on the side, or any other
commercially used vehicles except a passenger car with no advertising
matter exposed to view (with gross vehicle weight in excess of 10,000
pounds or with a height in excess of seven feet or with greater than four
wheels).
COMMON FACILITIES — Includes but shall not be limited to facilities for
the common use of two or more dwellings units, such as roads, sidewalks,
swimming pools, playgrounds, trees, greens, fairways and parking areas.
COMMON OPEN SPACE — An open space area within or related to a
site designated as a development and designed and intended for the use
or enjoyment of residents and owners of the development. Common open
space may contain such complementary structures and improvements as
are necessary and appropriate for the use or enjoyment of residents and
owners of the development.
COMMON OWNERSHIP — Ownership of two or more contiguous parcels of
real property by one person or by two or more persons or entities owning
such property jointly.
COMMUNITY RESIDENCE FOR THE DEVELOPMENTALLY DISABLED —
Any community residential facility licensed pursuant to P.L. 1977, c. 448
(N.J.S.A. 30:11B-1 et seq.) providing food, shelter, and personal guidance,
under such supervision as required, to not more than 15 developmentally
disabled or mentally ill persons, who require assistance, temporarily or
permanently, in order to live in the community, and shall include, but not
be limited to, group homes, halfway houses, intermediate care facilities,
supervised apartment living arrangements and hostels. Such a residence
shall not be considered a health-care facility within the meaning of the
Health Care Facilities Planning Act (P.L. 1971, c. 136; N.J.S.A. 26:2H-1
et seq.). In the case of such community residence housing mentally ill
persons, such residence shall have been approved for a purchase of service
contract or an affiliation agreement pursuant to such procedures as shall be
established by regulation of the Division of Mental Health and Hospitals of
the Department of Human Services.
COMMUNITY SHELTER FOR VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE — Any
shelter approved for a purchase of service contract and certified pursuant
§ 277-3 SMOKING § 277-3
228:167
to standards and procedures established by regulation of the Department of
Human Services pursuant to P.L. 1979, c. 337 (N.J.S.A. 30:14-1 to 30:14-14)
providing food, shelter, medical care, legal assistance, personal guidance
and other services to not more than 15 persons who have been victims of
domestic violence, including any children of such victims, who temporarily
require shelter and assistance in order to protect their physical and
psychological welfare.
COMPLETE APPLICATION — An application form completed as specified by
this chapter and the rules and regulations of the City and all accompanying
documents required by this chapter for approval of the application for
development.
CONCEPT PLAN — An informal review of a plan for development that
carries no vesting rights or obligations on any party.
CONDITIONAL USE — A use permitted in a particular zoning district only
upon showing that such use in a specified location will comply with the
conditions and standards for the location and operation of such use as
contained in the Zoning Ordinance and upon issuance of an authorization
therefor by the Planning Board.[Amended 4-11-2018 by Ord. No.
6-2018]
CONDOMINIUM — A building, or group of buildings, in which dwelling
units, offices, or floor area is owned individually and the structure, common
areas, and facilities are owned by all the owners on a proportional,
undivided basis; the form of ownership of real property under a master deed
providing for ownership by one or more owners of units of improvements
together with an undivided interest in common elements appurtenant to
each such unit.
CONSOLIDATION — The removal of lot lines between contiguous parcels.
CONSTRUCTION OFFICIAL — The City official specified in the Building
Code who is charged with administering the Construction Code.
CONSTRUCTION PERMIT — Legal authorization for the erection, alteration
or extension of a structure.
CONSTRUCTION STANDARDS — When used in this chapter, the
construction specifications and standard construction details as prepared
by the City Engineer of the City of Linwood.
CONTIGUOUS PARCELS — Tracts of land which share one or more common
boundaries.
COUNTY MASTER PLAN — A composite of the plan elements for the
physical development of Atlantic County, with the accompanying maps,
plats, charts and descriptive and explanatory matter adopted by the County
Planning Board pursuant to Chapter 291 of the Laws of New Jersey.
COUNTY PLANNING BOARD — The Atlantic County Planning Board.
CUL-DE-SAC — The turnaround at the end of a dead-end street.
DAYS — Calendar days.
§ 277-3 LINWOOD CODE § 277-3
228:168
DEAD-END STREET — A street or portion of a street which is accessible by
a single means of ingress or egress.
DECK — An unroofed platform either freestanding or attached to the
building at or above 18 inches of the finished grade and not covered by a
permanent roof. A deck may be constructed above a first floor portion of a
building, at the floor level of the second story, but not above that level.
DEDICATION — An appropriation of land to some public use made by the
owner and accepted for such use by or on behalf of the public.
DENSITY — The permitted number of dwelling units per gross area of land
to be developed.
DETENTION BASIN — See "stormwater detention."
DEVELOPER — The legal or beneficial owner or owners of a lot or of any
land included in a proposed development, including the holder of an option
or contract to purchase or other person having an enforceable proprietary
interest in such land.
DEVELOPMENT — The division of a parcel of land into two or more parcels;
the construction, reconstruction, conversion, structural alteration,
relocation or enlargement of any building or other structure; any mining,
excavation, landfill or land disturbances and any use, change in use or
extension of use of land for which permission may be required pursuant to
this chapter.
DEVELOPMENT REGULATION — Zoning, subdivision, site plan, official
map or other municipal regulation of the use and development of land or
amendment thereto adopted and filed pursuant to the Municipal Land Use
Law.
DEVELOPMENT, CONVENTIONAL — Development other than planned
development or cluster development.
DRAINAGE — The removal of surface water or groundwater from land by
drains, grading or other means and includes control of runoff during and
after construction, or development to minimize erosion and sedimentation,
to assure the adequacy of existing and proposed culverts and bridges, to
induce water recharge into the ground where practical, to lessen nonpoint
pollution, to maintain the integrity of stream channels for their biological
functions as well as for drainage and the means necessary for water supply
preservation or prevention or alleviation of flooding.
DRAINAGE EASEMENT — The lands required for the installation of
stormwater sewers or drainage ditches or required along a natural stream
or watercourse for preserving the channel and providing for the flow of
water therein to safeguard the public against flood damage.
DRAINAGE RIGHT-OF-WAY — The land required for the installation of
stormwater sewers or drainage ditches along a natural stream or
watercourse for preserving the channel and providing for the flow of water
therein to safeguard the public against flood damage in accordance with
§ 277-3 SMOKING § 277-3
228:169
Chapter 1A of Title 58 of the Revised Statutes of the State of New Jersey or
its supplements and amendments.
DRIVEWAY — A paved or unpaved area used for ingress or egress of
vehicles and allowing access from a street to a lot, building or other
structure or facility.
DWELLING — A structure or portion thereof that is used exclusively for
human habitation. Dwellings may include but are not limited to the
following types:
DWELLING UNIT — One or more rooms designed, occupied or intended for
occupancy as separate living quarters with cooking, sleeping and sanitary
facilities provided within the dwelling unit for the exclusive use of a single
family maintaining a household, excluding a boat, trailer or other vehicle of
any type or temporary shelter such as a tent.
EASEMENT — A grant of one or more property rights by the property owner
to and/or for use by the public, a corporation or another person or entity.
EASEMENT, CONSERVATION — The grant of a property right stipulating
that the described land will remain in its natural state and precluding future
or additional development.
ELEVATION —
EMPLOYEES — Whenever the word "employees" or the expression "number
of employees" is herein referred to, it shall mean the greatest number of
persons to be employed in the building in question during any season of the
year and at any time of the day or night.
DETACHED SINGLE-FAMILY — A dwelling for one family that is not
attached to any other dwelling by any means.
A.
ATTACHED SINGLE-FAMILY/TOWNHOUSE — A one-family dwelling in
a row of at least two such attached units in which each unit has its own
front and rear access to the outside, no unit is located over another
unit, and each unit is separated from any other unit by one or more
vertical common fire-resistant walls.
B.
TWO-FAMILY — A building on a single lot containing two dwelling
units, each of which is separated from the other by an unpierced
wall extending from ground to roof or an unpierced ceiling and floor
extending from exterior wall to exterior wall, except for a common
stairwell independent of both dwelling units.
C.
MULTIFAMILY — A building containing three or more dwelling units,
including units that are located one over another.
D.
A. A vertical distance above or below a fixed reference level.
A fully dimensioned drawing of the front, rear, or side of a building
showing features such as windows, doors, and relationship of grade to
floor level.
B.
§ 277-3 LINWOOD CODE § 277-3
228:170
ENLARGEMENT — An increase in the size of an existing structure or
use, including physical size of the property, building, parking and other
improvements.
ENVIRONMENTAL COMMISSION — A municipal advisory body created
pursuant to N.J.S.A. 40:56A-1 et seq.
EROSION — The detachment and movement of soil or rock fragments by
water, wind, ice or gravity.
ESSENTIAL SERVICES — The erection, construction, alteration or
maintenance of underground, surface or overhead gas, electrical, steam or
water transmission systems, including poles, wires, mains, drains, sewers,
pipes, conduits, cables, fire alarm boxes, traffic signals, light stanchions,
telephone lines, hydrants and other similar equipment and accessories,
reasonably necessary for the furnishing of adequate service to the zone
or neighborhood where located by public utilities, municipal or other
governmental agencies. "Essential services" shall include first aid and
emergency aid squad buildings.
EXCEPTION — Permission to depart from the design standards in this
chapter.
EXISTING GRADE — The vertical location of the ground surface prior to
excavating or filling.
EXTENSION — An increase in the amount of existing floor area beyond the
exterior wall.
FAMILY — A group of individuals not necessarily related by blood, marriage,
adoption, or guardianship living together in a dwelling unit as a single
housekeeping unit under a common housekeeping management plan based
on an intentionally structured relationship providing organization and
stability.
FAMILY DAY-CARE HOME — Any private residence approved by the
Division of Youth and Family Services or an organization with which the
division contracts for family day care in which child-care services are
regularly provided to no fewer than three and no more than five children
for no fewer than 15 hours per week. A child being cared for under the
following circumstances is not included in the total number of children
receiving child-care services:
FENCE — A structure made of posts or stakes, joined together by boards,
wire or rails, serving as an enclosure, a barrier or as a boundary.
FINAL APPROVAL — The official action of the Planning Board taken on
a preliminary approved major subdivision or site plan after all conditions,
engineering plans and other requirements have been completed or fulfilled
A. The child being cared for is legally related to the provider; or
The child is being cared for as part of a cooperative agreement between
parents for the care of their children by one or more of the parents,
where no payment for the care is being provided.
B.
§ 277-3 SMOKING § 277-3
228:171
and the required improvements have been installed or guaranties properly
posted for their completion, or approval conditioned upon the posting of
such guaranties.
FINAL PLAN — The final map of all or a portion of a development which
is presented to the Board for final approval in accordance with these
regulations and which, if an approved subdivision, shall be filed with the
proper county recording officer.
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION — Any structure wherein business of primarily
a monetary nature is transacted, such as banks, savings and loans
associations, mortgage companies and similar institutions.
FLOOR AREA — The sum of the gross horizontal areas of all floors of
buildings, including garages measured from the exterior faces of exterior
walls or from the center line of party walls separating two buildings.
FLOOR AREA RATIO — The sum of the area of all floors of buildings or
structures compared to the total area of the site.
FOOD ESTABLISHMENT — An establishment primarily engaged in the
retail sale of food which is processed or otherwise prepared for eventual
consumption but not consumed on the premises. Such uses include but
are not limited to the following: bakeries, delicatessens, ice cream parlors
and bagel shops. Where such uses have tables, such uses shall be deemed
restaurants.
FRONTAGE — See "lot, frontage."
GARAGE — A building used as accessory to the main building which
provides for the storage of motor vehicles and in which no occupation,
business or service for profit is carried on. A detached garage shall be
defined as a accessory structure.
GAZEBO — A small building usually roofed but without walls, placed on the
grounds of residential property as a decorative architectural feature having
no utility services.
GOVERNING BODY — The City Council of the City of Linwood.
GOVERNMENT AGENCY — Any department, commission, independent
agency or instrumentality of the United States and of the State of New
Jersey and any county, city, township, village, authority, district or other
governmental unit.
GRADE, EXISTING — The vertical elevation of the ground surface prior to
excavation or filing.
GROUND COVER — Grasses or other plants and landscaping grown or
placed to keep soil from being blown or washed away.
GROUND FLOOR — The first floor of a building other than a cellar or
basement.
HEIGHT OF BUILDING — The vertical distance above the average existing
grade measured at any point along any wall to the highest point of the
§ 277-3 LINWOOD CODE § 277-3
228:172
building or structure (excluding chimneys), whichever is less (see
sketches18).
HOMEOWNERS' ASSOCIATION — A community association, other than
a condominium association, that is organized in a development in which
individual owners share common interests and responsibilities for costs and
upkeep of common open space or facilities.
HOUSE OF WORSHIP — A building or structure, or groups of buildings
or structures, that by design and construction is primarily intended for
conducting organized religious services and associated accessory uses.
HOUSEHOLD — A family living together in a single dwelling unit, with
common access to and common use of all living and eating areas and
all areas and facilities for the preparation and serving of food within the
dwelling unit.
IMPERVIOUS COVERAGE — Any material which generally reduces or
prevents absorption of stormwater into the ground, including but not
limited to buildings and other structures, parking areas, driveways,
sidewalks, paving, patios, pools and spas.
IMPROVED LOT — A lot upon which exists a principal structure or building.
INTERESTED PARTY —
LAND — Ground, soil or earth, including improvements and fixtures on,
above or below the surface thereof.
LANDSCAPE STRUCTURE — Any structure whose purpose is primarily
decorative in nature, such as flagpoles, fences, arbors, trellises and
planters, and not intended for human occupancy, storage or utility purposes.
Such structure shall not be restricted by setbacks or coverage definitions as
defined herein.
LANDSCAPING — For the purpose of determining compliance with the
minimum landscape requirements in the City's residential zone,
landscaping shall be limited to vegetative cover, including grass, shrubs and
trees. Areas devoted to parking and walkways, driveways and patios shall
not count toward this requirement, whether impervious or not. Areas under
projections and cantilevers, except roof overhangs, shall not count.
In a criminal or quasi-criminal proceeding, any citizen of the State of
New Jersey.
A.
In the case of a civil proceeding in any court or in an administrative
proceeding before a municipal agency, any person, whether residing
within or without the municipality, whose right to use, acquire or enjoy
property is or may be affected by any action taken under this chapter
or whose rights to use, acquire or enjoy property under this chapter
or under any other law of this state or of the United States have been
denied, violated or infringed by an action or a failure to act under this
chapter.
B.
18.Editor's Note: Zoning diagrams are included at the end of this chapter.
§ 277-3 SMOKING § 277-3
228:173
LOADING SPACE — An open space or covered area, on a lot, used only for
the loading or unloading of goods to which there is direct or unobstructed
access from a street or alley.
LOCAL UTILITY — Any sewerage authority created pursuant to the
Sewerage Authorities Law, P.L. 1946, c. 138 (N.J.S.A. 40:14A-1 et seq.); any
utilities authority created pursuant to the Municipal and County Utilities
Authorities Law, P.L. 1957, c. 183 (N.J.S.A. 40:14B-1 et seq.); or any utility,
authority, commission, special district or other corporate entity not
regulated by the Board of Regulatory Commissioners under Title 48 of the
Revised Statutes that provides gas, electricity, heat, power, water or sewer
service to a municipality or the residents thereof.
LOT — A designated parcel, tract or area of land established by plat, or
otherwise as permitted by law, and to be used, developed or built upon as a
unit.
LOT AREA — The total area within the lot lines of a lot, not including any
street rights-of-way.
LOT COVERAGE — That part of one lot or more than one lot which is
improved or is proposed to be improved with buildings and/or other
structures, including but not limited to principal buildings, driveways,
parking lots, pedestrian walkways, signs and other man-made
improvements on the ground surface which are more impervious than the
natural surface. Walks, driveways, patios, and/or courtyards constructed
using paver block or brick set in sand rather than in or on concrete are
calculated as fifty-percent impervious surface.
LOT DEPTH — The shortest distance between the front line and line drawn
parallel to the front line through the mid-point of the rear lot line, provided
that, in triangular lots having no rear lot line, the distance shall be
measured to the mid-point of the line parallel to the front lot line, which
shall not be less than 10 feet in length, measured between its intersections
with the side lot lines. On corner lots, one side lot line shall be considered a
rear lot line, for purposes of determining lot depth only.
LOT FRONTAGE — The shortest distance between the intersection points of
the side lines of a lot with the front street right-of-way line.
LOT LINE — A line of record bounding a lot that divides one lot from
another lot or from a public or private street or any other public space.
LOT LINE, FRONT — The lot line separating a lot from a street right-of-way,
also referred to as a "street line."
LOT LINE, REAR — The lot line opposite and most distant from the front lot
line or the point at which the side lot lines meet.
LOT LINE, SIDE — Any lot line other than a front or rear lot line.
LOT WIDTH — The shortest distance between the side lot lines, measured
at the street line; or if no setback line is established, the mean width
of the lot measured at right angles to its depth. The minimum lot width,
as required by this chapter, shall be maintained for at least 75% of the
§ 277-3 LINWOOD CODE § 277-3
228:174
minimum depth, as measured continuously from the front line, except for
lots which front the turnaround of a cul-de-sac, in which case lot width at
the street line may be reduced to 50% of the required width. However, the
lot width measured at the front setback line must be equal to or greater
than 75% of the required lot width.
LOT, CORNER — A parcel of land, either at the junction of and abutting
on two or more intersecting streets, or abutting a single street at the point
where the road tangents deflect by more than 45°.
LOT, INTERIOR — A lot other than a corner lot.
MAINTENANCE GUARANTY — Any security which may be accepted by
a municipality for the maintenance of any improvements required by this
Act,19 including but not limited to surety bonds, letters of credit under
the circumstances specified in Section 16 of P.L. 1991, c. 256 (N.J.S.A.
40:55D-53.5), and cash.
MAJOR SUBDIVISION — Any subdivision not classified as a minor
subdivision.
MASTER PLAN — A composite of one or more written or graphic proposals
for the development of the City as set forth in and adopted pursuant to
N.J.S.A. 40:55D-28 et seq.
MAYOR — The chief executive of the City.
MINOR SITE PLAN — The development plan of a single lot which:
MINOR SUBDIVISION — Any subdivision containing not more than three
lots and which does not involve a planned development; any new street,
or the extension of any off-tract improvement. Any lot or remaining land
approved as a minor subdivision shall not be submitted as a minor
Proposes new development within the scope of development specifically
permitted by this chapter as a minor site plan;
A.
Does not involve planned development, any new street or extension of
any off-tract improvement which is to be pro-rated pursuant to § 41-55
of this Code;
B.
Contains the information reasonably required in order to make an
informed determination as to whether the requirements established by
this chapter for approval of a minor site plan have been met; and
C.
Shall be limited to the following classes of development:
A change in use involving no building construction other than
interior modification or interior structural alteration, and no
additional off-street parking.
(1)
Minor exterior or structural changes, such as entry enclosures,
porticos and other structural appurtenances, including roof
appurtenances.
(2)
D.
19.Editor's Note: “This Act” refers to the Municipal Land Use Law, N.J.S.A. 40:55D-1 et seq.
§ 277-3 SMOKING § 277-3
228:175
subdivision within four years from the date of approval as a minor
subdivision. Such lot or tract may be submitted as a major subdivision with
a limit of two minor subdivisions for the resultant total tract.
MULTIFAMILY — See "dwelling."
MUNICIPAL AGENCY — The Planning Board or the City Council when
acting pursuant to the Municipal Land Use Law.[Amended 4-11-2018 by
Ord. No. 6-2018]
MUNICIPAL LAND USE LAW (MLUL) — N.J.S.A. 40:55D-1 et seq., as
amended.
MUNICIPAL USE — Any use made by the City of Linwood of property owned
or leased by it or legally under its control by easement, license or otherwise.
NONCONFORMING LOT — A lot, the area, dimension or location of which
was lawful prior to the adoption, revision or amendment of a zoning
ordinance, but which fails to conform to the requirements of the zoning
district in which it is located by reason of such adoption, revision or
amendment.
NONCONFORMING SIGN — Any sign lawfully existing on the effective
date of an ordinance, or any amendment thereto, that renders such sign
nonconforming because it does not conform to all the standards and
regulations of this chapter.
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE/BUILDING — A structure/building, the
size, dimension or location of which was lawful prior to the adoption,
revision or amendment to a zoning ordinance, but which fails to conform to
the requirements of the zoning district in which it is located by reason of
such adoption, revision or amendment.
NONCONFORMING USE — A use or activity which was lawful prior to the
adoption, revision or amendment of a zoning ordinance, but which fails to
conform to the requirements of the zoning district in which it is located by
reason of such adoption, revision or amendment.
OBLIGOR — Any individual, firm, association, corporation or any other legal
entity and shall include the owner or subdivider, or both, as may be required
by the City. The obligor shall be responsible for posting and executing any
required performance guaranty.
OCCUPANCY — The specific purpose for which land or a building is used,
designed or maintained.
OFFICE — A room, group of rooms or building used for conducting the
affairs of a business, profession, service, industry or government.
OFFICIAL COUNTY MAP — A map, with changes and additions thereto,
adopted and established, from time to time, by resolution of the Board of
Chosen Freeholders of the County pursuant to N.J.S.A. 40:27-5.
OFFICIAL MAP — A map adopted by ordinance pursuant to Article 5 of P.L.
1975, c. 291 (N.J.S.A. 40:55D-32).
§ 277-3 LINWOOD CODE § 277-3
228:176
OFF-SITE — Located outside the lot lines of the lot in question but within
the property (of which the lot is a part) which is the subject of a
development application or a contiguous portion of a street or right-of-way.
OFF-TRACT — Not located on the property which is the subject of a
development application nor on a contiguous portion of a street or right-ofway.
ON-SITE — Located on the lot in question.
ON-TRACT — Located on the property which is the subject of a development
application or on a contiguous portion of a street or right-of-way.
OPEN PORCH — A porch open on three sides except for wire screening.
A porch shall not be considered open if enclosed by either a permanent or
detachable glass sash.
OPEN SPACE — Any parcel or area of land or water essentially unimproved
and set aside, dedicated, designated or reserved for public or private use
or enjoyment or for the use and enjoyment of owners and occupants of
land adjoining or neighboring such open space, provided that such areas
may be improved with only those buildings, structures, streets and off-street
parking and other improvements that are designed to be incidental to the
natural openness of the land.
OUTDOOR STORAGE — The keeping in an unenclosed area of any goods,
material, merchandise, or vehicles in the same place for more than 24
hours.
OWNER — An individual, firm, association, syndicate, partnership, or
corporation having sufficient proprietary interest to seek or authorize
development of land under this chapter.
PARKING AREA, PRIVATE — Any open area, including parking spaces and
access aisles providing direct access thereto, used for the temporary
storage of automobiles and other permitted vehicles for the private use of
the owners or occupants of the lot on which the area is located.
PARKING AREA, PUBLIC — Any open area (other than a street or other
public way), including parking spaces and aisles, used for the temporary
storage of automobiles and other permitted vehicles and available to the
public, with or without compensation, or as an accommodation for clients,
customers and employees.
PARKING SPACE — A space for the off-street parking of one operable,
licensed motor vehicle within a public or private parking area.
PARTIAL DESTRUCTION — A building or structure that because of fire,
flood, explosion or other calamity requires rebuilding, the value of which is
less than 1/2 of the building's assessed valuation.
PARTY IMMEDIATELY CONCERNED — For purposes of notice, any
applicant for development, the owners of the subject property and all
owners of property and government agencies entitled to notice under
N.J.S.A. 40:55D-12.
§ 277-3 SMOKING § 277-3
228:177
PATIO — A level, landscaped and/or surfaced area directly adjacent to a
principal building at or within 18 inches of the finished grade, and not
covered by a permanent roof.
PERFORMANCE GUARANTEE — Any security which may be accepted by
the City, including cash, provided that a municipality shall not require more
than 10% of the total performance guarantee in cash.
PERFORMANCE STANDARDS — See "standards of performance."
PERMIT — A certificate issued to perform work under this chapter.
PERMITTED USE — Any use which shall be allowed, subject to the
provisions of this chapter.
PERMITTEE — Any person to whom a permit is issued in accordance with
this chapter.
PERSON — A corporation, company, association, society, firm, partnership
or joint-stock company, as well as an individual, the state and all political
subdivisions of the state or any agency or instrumentality thereof.
PLAT — A map or maps of a subdivision or site plan.
PODS® (PORTABLE ON DEMAND STORAGE) — A nonmotorized storage
container for on-site storage.
POOL — A water-filled enclosure permanently constructed or portable,
having a depth of more than 18 inches below the level of the surrounding
land, or an above-surface pool, having a depth of more than 30 inches,
designed, used and maintained for swimming and bathing.
PORCH — A roofed open area which may be screened, attached to or part
of a building with direct access to or from it.
PRELIMINARY APPROVAL — The conferral of certain rights, pursuant to
Sections 34, 36 and 37 of P.L. 1975, c. 291 (N.J.S.A. 40:55D-46, 40:55D-48
and 40:55D-49), prior to final approval after specific elements of a
development plan have been agreed upon by the Planning Board and the
applicant.
PRELIMINARY FLOOR PLANS AND ELEVATIONS — Architectural
drawings prepared during early and introductory stages of the design of a
project illustrating, in a schematic form, its scope, scale and relationship to
its site and immediate environs.
Adopted by ordinance pursuant to P.L. 1975, c. 291, Subsection 52d
(N.J.S.A. 40:55D-65d) regulating noise levels, glare, skyglow,
earthborne or sonic vibrations, heat, radiation, television or radio
waves, noxious odors, toxic materials, explosive and flammable
materials, smoke and airborne particles, waste discharge, screening of
unsightly objects or conditions and such other similar matters as may
be reasonably required by the municipality; or
A.
B. Required by applicable federal or state laws or municipal ordinances.
§ 277-3 LINWOOD CODE § 277-3
228:178
PRINCIPAL BUILDING — A building in which the main use of the lot is
conducted.
PROFESSIONAL OFFICE — The office of a member of a recognized
profession. When conducted in a residential district, a professional office
shall be incidental to the residential occupation, be conducted by a member
of the residential family entirely within a residential building and include
only the offices of doctors or physicians, veterinarians, dentists,
optometrists, ministers, architects, professional engineers, lawyers, artists,
authors, musicians and other similar professional occupations which may be
so designated by the Planning Board upon findings by the Board that the
occupation is truly professional in character by virtue of the need for similar
training and experience as a condition for the practice thereof. The issuance
of a state or local license for regulation of any gainful occupation need not
be deemed conclusive of professional standing.[Amended 4-11-2018 by
Ord. No. 6-2018]
PROHIBITED USE — A use which is not permitted in a zone.
PROPERTY — A lot, parcel, or tract of land together with the building and
structures located thereon.
PUBLIC AREAS —
PUBLIC DEVELOPMENT PROPOSAL — A master plan, capital improvement
program or other proposal for land development or any amendment thereto
adopted by the appropriate public body.
PUBLIC DRAINAGEWAY — The land reserved and dedicated for the
installation of stormwater sewers or drainage ditches or required along a
natural stream or watercourse for preserving the channel and providing
for the flow of water to safeguard the public against flood damage,
sedimentation and erosion.
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS — Improvements which the Board may deem
necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to streets, grading,
pavement, gutters, curbs, sidewalks, streetlighting, shade trees, surveyors'
monuments, water mains, culverts, storm sewers, sanitary sewers, drainage
structures, erosion control and sedimentation control devices, public
improvements of open space and, in the case of site plans, other on-site
improvements and landscaping.
PUBLIC OPEN SPACE — An open space area conveyed or otherwise
dedicated to a municipality, municipal agency, board of education, state or
county agency or other public body for recreational or conservational uses.
A. Public parks, playgrounds, trails, paths and other recreational areas.
B. Other public open spaces.
C. Scenic and historic sites.
D. Sites for schools and other public buildings and structures.
§ 277-3 SMOKING § 277-3
228:179
PUBLIC UTILITY FACILITIES — Telephone and electric lines, poles,
equipment and structures, water or gas pipes, hydrants, valves, mains or
structures or sewer pipes, together with accessories and appurtenances,
maintained, operated and conducted for the service, convenience, necessity,
health and welfare of the public.
QUORUM — A majority of the full authorized membership of a municipal
agency.
RECHARGE — Release of collected or directed stormwater through soil
infiltration.
RECREATIONAL VEHICLE — A vehicular-type portable structure without
a permanent foundation that can be towed, hauled or driven and primarily
designed as temporary living accommodation for recreational, camping and
travel use, and including:
RECREATION FACILITY — A place where sports, leisuretime activities and
customary and usual recreational activities are carried out.
RECREATION FACILITY, PRIVATE — Facilities operated by a private
organization and open only to bona fide members and guests of such
organization.
RECREATION FACILITY, PUBLIC — Facilities operated by the City, county
or other governmental agency.
RESTAURANT — An establishment where food and drink are prepared and/
or served and consumed at tables within the principal building, including
sidewalk dining where allowed and takeout service, without facilities for
drive-through order and for drive-through pickup.
WATERCRAFT — Includes any type of boat, float or raft, plus the normal
equipment to transport the same on the public highway.
A.
TRAILERS — The boat, motor and trailer shall not exceed 25 feet in
length.
B.
CAMP TRAILER or FOLDING TENT TRAILER — A vehicular, portable
structure built on a chassis or metal-walled body unit, mounted on
wheels with a superstructure made, in part or in whole, of canvas and
metal frame and designed for travel, recreational and vacation uses.
C.
MOTORIZED HOME — A portable dwelling designed and constructed
as an integral part of a self-propelled vehicle.
D.
PICKUP CAMPER — A structure designed primarily to be mounted on a
pickup or truck and with sufficient equipment to render it suitable for a
temporary dwelling for travel, recreational or vacation uses.
E.
TRAVEL TRAILER — A vehicular, portable structure built on a chassis,
designed to be used as a temporary dwelling for travel, recreational or
vacation uses.
F.
§ 277-3 LINWOOD CODE § 277-3
228:180
RESTAURANT, DRIVE-THROUGH — An establishment where food and
drink are prepared, served and consumed primarily within the principal
building, with facilities for drive-through order and/or drive-through pickup.
RESTAURANT, FAST-FOOD — An establishment whose principal business is
the sale of foods, frozen desserts or beverages to the customer in a readyto-
consume state for consumption either within the restaurant building
or for carry-out with consumption off the premises and whose desire or
principal method of operation permits or encourages self-service, highturnover
dining.
RESTAURANT, TAKE-OUT — An establishment where food and/or
beverages are sold in a form ready for consumption, where all or a
significant part of the consumption takes place outside the confines of the
restaurant, and where ordering and pickup of food may take place from an
automobile.
RESUBDIVISION — The further division or relocation of lot lines of any
lot or lots within a subdivision previously made and approved or recorded
according to law; or the alteration of any streets or the establishment of
any new streets within any subdivision previously made and approved or
recorded according to law, but does not include conveyances made so as to
combine existing lots by deed or other instrument.
RETAIL SALES — Establishments engaged in selling goods or merchandise
to the general public for personal or household consumption and without
necessarily rendering services incidental to the sale of such goods.
RETAIL SERVICE — Establishments engaged in providing services for
individuals, businesses, government and other organizations and includes
finance; insurance, real estate and personal services; business services and
miscellaneous repair services; motion pictures, amusement and recreation
services; health services and educational services; social services,
museums, art galleries, botanical gardens and zoological gardens.
RIGHT-OF-WAY LINES — The lines that form the boundaries of a right-ofway.
SATELLITE EARTH STATION ANTENNA — A parabolic or dish-shaped
antenna or any other apparatus or device that is designed for the purpose
of receiving radio waves.
SCHOOL — Any building or part thereof which is designed, constructed or
used for the education of students up to and through the secondary level
and licensed by the State of New Jersey.
SCHOOL BUS — Every motor vehicle operated by, or under contract with, a
public or government or government agency, or religious or other charitable
organization or corporation, or privately operated for compensation for
the transportation of children to or from school for secular or religious
education, which complies with the regulations of the Department of
Education affecting school buses, including School Vehicle Type I and
School Vehicle Type II.
§ 277-3 SMOKING § 277-3
228:181
SCHOOL VEHICLE TYPE I — Any vehicle with a seating capacity of 17 or
more, used to transport enrolled children, and adults only when serving
as chaperones, to or from school, a school-connected activity, day camp,
summer camp, nursery school, child-care center, preschool center or other
similar places of education. Such vehicle shall comply with the regulations
of the Division of Motor Vehicles and either the Department of Education
or the Department of Human Services, whichever is the appropriate
supervising agency.
SCHOOL VEHICLE TYPE II — Any vehicle with a seating capacity of 16
or less, used to transport enrolled children, and adults only when serving
as chaperones, to or from school, a school connected-activity, day camp,
summer camp, nursery school, child-care center, preschool center or other
similar places of education. Such vehicles shall comply with the regulations
of the Division of Motor Vehicles and either the Department of Human
Services, whichever is the appropriate supervising agency.
SEDIMENTATION — The deposition of soil that has been transported from
its site of origin by water, ice, wind, gravity or other natural means.
SERVICE STATION — A place where gasoline or other motor fuel is offered
for sale to the public and deliveries are made directly into motor vehicles
and/or which may provide for the maintenance and service.
SETBACK — The required yard or distance between buildings and property
lines. Setback is measured from the property line to the furthest protrusion
of the building or structure (i.e., roof eves, overhangs, bay windows, etc.).
SETBACK LINE — That line to which a building must be set back from the
property line.
SIDEWALK — A way for carrying pedestrian traffic. It may be located within
the right-of-way provided for a street or may be located adjacent to a
property line, between lots and laid out so that it may provide pedestrian
traffic along a street or road or within a subdivision connecting two streets.
SIGHT TRIANGLE — A triangular-shaped portion of land established at
intersections in accordance with the requirements of this chapter in which
nothing shall be erected, placed, planted or allowed to grow in such a
manner as to limit or obstruct sight distance of motorists entering or leaving
the intersection.
SIGN — Any device, fixture, placard or structure that uses color, form,
pictures, displays, graphics, illumination, symbols or writing to advertise,
attract attention to, announce the purpose of or identify a person, entity or
thing or to communicate any information to the public.
SIGN, DIRECTIONAL — Signs limited to directional messages, principally
for pedestrian or vehicular traffic, such as "one-way," "entrance" and "exit."
SIGN, FREESTANDING — Any sign supported by structures or supports
that are placed on, or anchored in, the ground and that are independent
from any building or other structure.
§ 277-3 LINWOOD CODE § 277-3
228:182
SIGN, IDENTIFICATION — A sign giving the nature, logo, trademark, or
other identifying symbol, address, or any combination of the name, symbol,
and address of a building, business, development, or establishment on the
premises where it is located.
SIGN, NAMEPLATE — A sign, located on the premises, giving the name or
address, or both, of the owner or occupant of a building or premises.
SIGN, PERMANENT — Any sign that is painted directly on the window glass
with permanent paint or that is mounted by bolts or screws, or otherwise in
a permanent fashion, on a permanent structure.
SIGN, POLITICAL — A temporary sign announcing or supporting political
candidates or issues in connection with any national, state or local election.
SIGN, REAL ESTATE — A sign pertaining to the sale or lease of the
premises, or a portion of the premises, on which the sign is located.
SIGN, ROOF — A sign that is mounted on the roof a building or that is
wholly dependent upon a building for support and that projects above the
top walk or edge of a building with a flat roof, the eave line of a building with
a gambrel, gable or hip roof or the deckline of a building with a mansard
roof.
SIGN, SANDWICH BOARD — A sign that is not affixed to a building,
structure or the ground.
SIGN, TEMPORARY — Any sign designed or intended to be displayed for a
short period of time.
SIGN, WALL — Any sign attached parallel to, but within 10 inches of, a wall,
painted on the wall surface of, or erected and confined within the limits of
an outside wall of any building or structure, which is supported by such wall
or building, and which displays only one sign surface.
SIGN, WINDOW — Any sign that is placed within 24 inches of a window or
upon the window panes or glass and which is visible from the exterior of the
window.
SITE — Any plot or parcel of land or combination of contiguous lots or
parcels of land.
SITE PLAN — A development plan of one or more lots on which is shown:
The existing and proposed conditions of the lot, including but not
necessarily limited to topography, vegetation, drainage, floodplains,
marshes and waterways;
A.
The location of all existing and proposed buildings, drives, parking
spaces, walkways, means of ingress and egress, drainage facilities,
utility services, landscaping, structures and signs, lighting and
screening devices;
B.
Any other information that may be reasonably required in order to
make an informed determination pursuant to an ordinance requiring
C.
§ 277-3 SMOKING § 277-3
228:183
SITE PLAN REVIEW COMMITTEE — A committee of at least three Planning
Board members appointed by the Chairman for the purpose of classifying
site plans.
SLOPE — Deviation of a surface from the horizontal, usually expressed in
percent or degree.
SOIL — All unconsolidated mineral and organic material of whatever origin
that overlies bedrock and which can be readily excavated.
STANDARDS OF PERFORMANCE — Standards adopted by ordinance
pursuant to Chapter 291 of the Laws of the State of New Jersey, 1975,20
regulating noise levels, glare, vibrations, heat, radiation, odors, explosive
and flammable matters, smoke and airborne particles, waste discharge,
screening of unsightly objects or conditions and such other similar matters
as may be reasonably required by the City of Linwood or required by
applicable federal or state laws for municipal ordinances.
STORAGE SHED — An accessory building used for the storage of items such
as, but not limited to, tools, lawn and garden equipment and furniture and
similar items of personal property belonging to the occupant of the principal
structure.
STORMWATER RETENTION — A facility or other means used to control
water or runoff.
STORY — That portion of a building included between the surface of any
floor and the surface of the floor next above it or, if there is no floor above
it, then the space between the floor and the ceiling next above it.
STORY, HALF — The area under a sloping roof where the possible floor
area with headroom of five feet or more occupies no more than 1/3 of the
floor area of the floor immediately below. Where the floor area with a floorto-
ceiling height in excess of five feet is more than 1/3 of the floor area
immediately below, it shall count as a full story.
STREET — Any street, avenue or boulevard, board, parkway, viaduct, drive
or other way which is an existing state, county or municipal roadway or
which is shown upon a plat heretofore approved pursuant to law or which
is approved by official action as provided by this chapter or which is shown
on plat duly filed and recorded in the office of the county recording officer
prior to the appointment of a Planning Board and the grant to such Board
of the power to review plats and includes the land between the street lines,
whether improved or unimproved, and may comprise pavement, shoulders,
gutters, curbs, sidewalks, parking areas and other areas within the street
lines. For the purpose this chapter, streets shall be classified as follows:
review and approval of site plans by the Planning Board, adopted
pursuant to N.J.S.A. 40:55D-37 et seq.
A. Arterial streets: those which are used primarily for fast or heavy traffic.
20.Editor's Note: See N.J.S.A. 40:55D-7.
§ 277-3 LINWOOD CODE § 277-3
228:184
STRUCTURE — A combination of materials to form a construction for
occupancy, use or ornamentation, whether installed on, above or below the
surface of a parcel of land.
SUBDIVISION —
SURVEY — A map showing the boundary lines of the property and location
of existing improvements thereon, prepared by a licensed land surveyor.
SURVEY CERTIFICATION — A certification in lieu of oath or affidavit
confirming the accuracy of the survey.
TERRACE — See "patio."
TRACT — Property which is the subject of a development application.
TRESPASS LIGHTING — Lighting from an adjacent property which exceeds
0.1 footcandle.
TWO-FAMILY DWELLING — See "dwelling."
USE — The purpose or activity for which land or buildings are arranged,
designed or intended or for which land or buildings are occupied or
maintained.
USE, PRINCIPAL — The main or primary activity of any lot or parcel.
Secondary traffic streets: streets connecting places of relatively dense
settlement with each other and with arterial streets and intended
primarily for intermunicipal and commuter traffic.
B.
Connector streets: those which carry traffic from minor streets to the
major system of arterial streets, including the principal entrance
streets of a residential development.
C.
The division of a lot, tract or parcel of land into two or more lots, tracts,
parcels or other divisions of land for sale or development. The following
shall not be considered subdivisions within the meaning of this chapter
if no new streets are created:
(1) Divisions of property by testamentary or intestate provisions.
Divisions of property upon court order, including but not limited to
judgments of foreclosure.
(2)
Consolidation of existing lots by deed or other recorded
instrument.
(3)
The conveyance of one or more adjoining lots, tracts or parcels
of land, owned by the same person or persons, and all of which
are found and certified by the administrative officer to conform to
the requirements of the municipal development regulations and are
shown and designated as separate lots, tracts or parcels on the Tax
Map or Atlas of the City.
(4)
A.
B. The term "subdivision" shall also include the term "resubdivision."
§ 277-3 SMOKING § 277-3
228:185
VARIANCE — Permission to depart from the literal requirements of the
Zoning Ordinance.
WAIVER — Permission to depart from the requirements of this chapter with
respect to the submission of required maps or documents.
YARD — An open space that lies between the principal building or buildings
and the nearest lot line. The minimum required yard as set forth in this
chapter shall be unoccupied and unobstructed from the ground upward
except as may be specifically provided in the Zoning Ordinance.
YARD, FRONT — A space extending the full width of the lot between any
building and the front lot line and measured perpendicular to the building
at its closest point to the front lot line. Said front yard shall be unoccupied
and unobstructed from the ground upward, except as may be permitted
elsewhere in this chapter. Corner lots shall be deemed to have more than
one front lot line.
YARD, REAR — A space extending across the full width of the lot between
the principal building and the rear lot line and measured perpendicular to
the building at its closest point to the rear lot line. Said rear yard shall be
unoccupied and unobstructed from the ground upward, except as may be
permitted elsewhere in this chapter.
YARD, SIDE — A space extending from the front yard to the rear yard
between the principal building and the side lot line.21
ZONING PERMIT — A document signed by the Zoning Officer:
Which is required by ordinance as a condition precedent to the
commencement of a use or the erection, construction, reconstruction,
alteration, conversion or installation of a structure or building.
A.
Which acknowledges that such use, structure or building complies with
the provision of the Municipal Zoning Ordinance or variance therefrom
duly authorized by the appropriate agency of the City pursuant to
N.J.S.A. 40:55D-60 and 40:55D-70.
B.
21.Editor's Note: The former definition of "Zoning Board," which immediately followed, was
repealed 4-11-2018 by Ord. No. 6-2018.
§ 277-3 LINWOOD CODE § 277-3
228:186
ARTICLE III
Zone Classification and Map
§ 277-4. Enumeration of zones. [Amended 8-8-2018 by Ord. No.
15-2018]
For the purposes of this article, the City of Linwood is hereby divided into
14 districts, as follows:
R-20 Single-Family Detached Residential
R-15 Single-Family Detached Residential
R-10 Single-Family Detached Residential
R10-PL Single-Family Detached Residential with private drive or lane
option
R-SR Shore Road Residential
RT Multifamily Residential (townhome, duplex, condo)
B Business
PRD Planned Residential Development
C Conservation Zone
ROP Recreation Open Space
I Institutional Zone
RDev Redevelopment Zone
AHO I Affordable Housing Overlay Zone I
AHO II Affordable Housing Overlay Zone II
§ 277-4 SMOKING § 277-4
228:187

ARTICLE IV
Zoning Map
§ 277-5. Boundaries of zones established.
The location and boundaries of the above districts are hereby established
on the Zoning Map of the City of Linwood in Atlantic County dated January
2009, which is filed in the office of the City Clerk. Said map or maps and all
notations, references and designations shown thereon shall be part of this
article as if the same were all fully described and set forth therein.
§ 277-6. Interpretation of zone boundaries.
Whenever an uncertainty or ambiguity exists as to the true location of any
boundary line of any zone shown on the map, the following rules shall apply:
The zone boundary lines are intended generally to follow street center
lines, existing lot lines, center lines of railroad rights-of-way,
waterways, sewer and utility easements or as otherwise indicated on
Zoning Map. Where a zone boundary line does not coincide with any
such line as above set forth, its location or relation to another boundary
line shall be as designated on said Zoning Map by means of figures or
dimensions expressing distance in feet from a street side line or other
boundary line. In cases of uncertainty or disagreement as to the true
location of any zone boundary line, the determination thereof shall be
with the Planning Board. [Amended 4-11-2018 by Ord. No. 6-2018]
A.
In the event that a zone boundary line divides one or more lots, then the
zone boundary line shall be considered the lot limit for computing all
area, bulk, yard buffer and any other dimension requirements specified
in this article.
B.
The boundary lines of a Conservation Zone shall be determined by the
Municipal Engineer as hereinafter provided in § 277-33.
C.
§ 277-5 SMOKING § 277-6
228:189

ARTICLE V
Types of Uses
§ 277-7. Permitted uses. [Amended 4-11-2018 by Ord. No. 6-2018]
This zoning article shall be viewed as permissive. After the adoption of this
chapter, no uses or structures shall be permitted in the City which are not
listed as a permitted, accessory or conditional use or unless permitted by
the Planning Board in accordance with applicable state statutes.
§ 277-8. General requirements for accessory uses and structures.
No accessory building or structure shall be constructed on any lot on
which there is not a principal building.
A.
Any accessory building attached to the principal building shall be
considered part of the principal building.
B.
The following requirements shall be complied with in all residential
zones:
(1) No accessory building shall be used for human habitation.
Except as specifically permitted elsewhere in this article, no
accessory building or structure shall exceed 17 1/2 feet in height.
(2)
No accessory building or structure shall be located closer than 10
feet to any other building.
(3)
No accessory building or structure shall be located closer to a
right-of-way line than the principal building. On corner lots,
accessory buildings and/or structures shall not be located closer to
a street than the minimum front yard requirements for the district.
(4)
There shall not be more than three accessory buildings on a lot,
and the aggregate square footage of all accessory buildings shall
not exceed 800 total square feet.
(5)
No accessory building in a residential district shall have an area
greater than 600 square feet.
(6)
An accessory building 120 square feet or less in floor area shall not
be closer than four feet to a side or rear lot line.
(7)
An accessory building between 121 square feet and 600 square feet
in floor area shall meet the setbacks of the principal building.
(8)
C.
The following requirements shall be complied with in all nonresidential
zones:
Except as specifically permitted elsewhere in this article, no
accessory building shall exceed 17.5 feet or be more than one story
in height.
(1)
D.
§ 277-7 SMOKING § 277-8
228:191
(2) No accessory building shall be permitted in any front yard.
Accessory buildings built within the side yard must meet all side
yard setbacks.
(3)
Requirements for specific accessory structures and uses.
Outdoor storage.
Outdoor storage of any kind is prohibited within the front yard
or in a side yard adjoining a street.
(a)
The outdoor storage of any items, materials and equipment,
other than those customarily placed in courtyards and yards,
incidental to authorized residential use and occupancy, is
prohibited in all residential and commercial zones.
(b)
Outdoor storage of garbage trucks in any zone is specifically
prohibited.
(c)
No flammable or explosive liquids, solids or gases shall be
stored above ground unless as otherwise required by
applicable federal, state or local regulations. Tanks or drums
of fuel directly connecting with heating devices or appliances
located on the same premises as the tanks or drums of fuel are
excluded from this provision.
(d)
No materials or wastes shall be stored on any premises in such
form or manner that they may be transferred off such premises
by natural causes or forces such as wind or water.
(e)
All materials or wastes which might cause fumes or dust or
which constitute a fire hazard, or which may be edible by
or otherwise attractive to rodents or insects, shall be stored
outdoors only in closed containers.
(f)
(1)
Decks and patios.
Any decks or patios above grade shall meet the required yard
setbacks for principal buildings.
(a)
Decks and patios shall be permitted in the side and rear yard
area only.
(b)
Second-story decks shall be permitted if accessed from the
building interior only. No second-floor decks shall be permitted
on accessory buildings.
(c)
The elevation of the second floor deck shall be no higher than
the finished second floor elevation.
(d)
Any decks and patios at grade (or to a maximum of 18 inches
above grade) shall be located no closer than five feet to any
property line.
(e)
(2)
E.
§ 277-8 LINWOOD CODE § 277-8
228:192
§ 277-9. Approval of conditional uses.
Notwithstanding compliance with specific conditional use standards
hereinafter set forth, conditional uses shall require site plan approval by the
appropriate board.
§ 277-10. Specific conditional uses.
All decks and patios shall be included in the calculation of total
lot coverage.
(f)
General. The Planning Board shall not approve a conditional use unless
it finds that the use meets all the requirements of this chapter, does not
substantially impair the use and enjoyment of surrounding properties
and does not substantially impair the character of the surrounding area
and does not have any adverse effect on surrounding properties.
A.
Requirements for specific uses.
Houses of worship. Institutional uses, buildings and structures,
as defined in this chapter, may be located, when approved as
conditional uses, in the zone as specified in Schedule A,22 subject
to the following:
The property on which the structure or building is to be
constructed or the activities conducted must contain a
minimum of 20,000 square feet.
(a)
No building shall be closer than 30 feet to the side or rear line
of any adjacent property. These 15 feet shall be considered as
a buffer strip and shall be landscaped.
(b)
No building or structure shall be closer than 30 feet to any
front street property line nor less than 30 feet from any other
structure. Except as permitted in this article, no building or
structure shall be higher than 2 1/2 stories and 35 feet above
average grade.
(c)
No parking shall be permitted between the front building line
and the street right-of-way.
(d)
(e) Parking must be provided on site as required by this chapter.
(1)
Public utility buildings.
The minimum lot area for the zone district in which the use is
located shall be met.
(a)
All yard and setback requirements of the zone district shall
be met; provided, however, that no yard shall be less than the
height of the facility.
(b)
(2)
B.
22.Editor's Note: Schedule A is included at the end of this chapter.
§ 277-8 SMOKING § 277-11
228:193
§ 277-11. Prohibited uses. [Amended 4-11-2018 by Ord. No. 6-2018]
The enumeration of prohibited uses is by way of example and clarification
and not by way of limitation. Any use not expressly permitted by this
chapter or by the Planning Board shall be considered prohibited.
No temporary building or structure shall be permitted within any zone
in the City of Linwood, except those incidental to construction activities
taking place on the premises, provided that such shall be removed upon
completion or abandonment of the work.
A.
No junkyards or similar facilities shall be permitted in any zone within
the City of Linwood.
B.
C. The raising or maintenance of farm animals is prohibited.
Kennels, retail aquariums, zoos or any other establishments engaged,
in any manner, in the breeding, boarding, maintenance or display of
animals, other than pet shops and veterinary hospitals, are prohibited.
D.
E. Commercial outdoor amusements are prohibited.
The temporary stockpiling or display of merchandise, equipment or
inventory is prohibited in any zone except under the following
conditions: that such stockpile or display is permitted as to use, and
meets all of the requirements for setbacks, screening and the like
established for the particular zone in which said activity is conducted.
F.
No warehouse or commercial storage rental units shall be permitted
within any zone in the City of Linwood.
G.
No tourist cabins, tourist camps or trailer camps shall be permitted in
any zone within the City of Linwood, nor shall any trailer be permitted
for residential use within any zone within the City of Linwood.
H.
No motor vehicle, commercial vehicle or equipment, watercraft, trailer,
recreational vehicle or storage unit (trailer, PODS®, etc.) shall be
parked in or on any grassy area that constitutes the front yard of any
dwelling within the City of Linwood. Parking of the above-mentioned
classes of vehicles or storage units shall be confined to a driveway or
other approved parking area and shall not interfere with any required
parking stall. Storage units (trailer, PODS®, dumpster, etc.) require a
permit to be issued by the Zoning Officer or his or her designee. Permits
shall be $50 each for a period of 30 days or less. Permits may not
exceed a combined total of six months in any calendar year.
I.
School buses.
No school bus or school vehicles of any type used for the
transportation of passengers as defined in N.J.S.A. 39:1-1 shall be
permitted to park on any street or property within the City of
Linwood at any time unless the vehicle is engaged in the pick-up
(1)
J.
§ 277-11 LINWOOD CODE § 277-11
228:194
or discharge of passengers, and then only for the amount of time
necessary to carry out the pick-up or discharge.
This section shall not apply to the parking of school buses on
school-owned lands, public or private, or on streets contiguous to
any school, public or private, within the City of Linwood during
school hours.
(2)
§ 277-11 SMOKING § 277-11
228:195

ARTICLE VI
Supplemental Regulations Applicable to All Zones
§ 277-12. General.
Except as may be permitted by ordinance or the Municipal Land Use Law:
§ 277-13. Yard regulations.
No building or structure shall be erected and no existing building or
structure shall be moved, altered, added to or enlarged, nor shall any
land or building or structure be designed, used or intended to be used
for any purpose or in any manner other than as specified among the
uses listed as permitted, accessory or conditional in the district in
which such building, structure or land is located.
A.
No building or structure shall be erected, reconstructed or structurally
altered to exceed in height the limit designated in the district in which
such building or structure is located.
B.
No building or structure shall be erected, no existing buildings or
structures shall be altered, enlarged or rebuilt, nor shall any open
space surrounding any building be encroached upon or reduced in
any manner, except in conformity with the yard, lot area and building
location regulations hereinafter designated for the district in which
such building or open space is located.
C.
The area or dimension of any lot, yard, parking area or other space shall
not be reduced to less than the minimum required by this article; and
if already less than the minimum required by this chapter, said area or
dimension shall not be further reduced. The provisions and restrictions
contained in this article shall not apply to or be binding upon the City
of Linwood.
D.
Required yards.
Every lot shall include front, side and rear yards having the areas
and dimensions required within the particular zone in which said
lot is located.
(1)
No yard or other open space provided for any building or structure
for the purpose of complying with the provisions of this article shall
be considered as providing a yard or other open space for any other
building or structure on any other lot.
(2)
No land in a residential zone shall be used to fulfill open space,
minimum areas, minimum yard and setback requirements, parking
or other similar requirements for uses in nonresidential zones.
(3)
A.
Front yards. For existing houses, the front yard shall be determined by
the street address.
B.
§ 277-12 SMOKING § 277-13
228:197
§ 277-14. Projections and encroachments.
Yards and courts required by this article shall be free of buildings,
structures or parts thereof, and no building, mechanical equipment or
structure shall project into any front, side or rear yard required by this
article, nor shall use be made of such yard, except as follows:
Front yards on corner lots. Where a lot is bounded by two streets
and is a corner lot as defined in this chapter, the front yard setback
requirements for the zone shall be satisfied with respect to each
abutting street. One of the remaining yards shall be considered a rear
yard and the other yard shall be considered a side yard. Where a lot is
bounded by three streets and is a corner lot as defined in this chapter,
the front yard setback requirements for the zone shall be satisfied with
respect to each abutting street. One of the remaining yards shall be
considered a side yard. For purposes of determining rear yard, the rear
yard will be the side deemed the yard opposite the front yard; the
narrower frontage shall be deemed the front lot line. For square lots,
the applicant shall declare the front lot line at the time of subdivision
or building permit in the case of an isolated lot.
C.
In residential zones, unenclosed porches including steps extending
not more than five feet from the building line into any required rear
yard and not exceeding more than 20 square feet in size. Unenclosed
porches may have a roof.
A.
Driveways providing access to permitted garages or parking areas;
provided, however, that in residential zones, driveways used to provide
access to private garages shall not be wider than 20 feet and shall
be set back a minimum of five feet from the property line. If direct
access to the garage requires a width greater than 20 feet, then the
driveway width may be increased only to accommodate direct access to
the garage.
B.
Sills, eaves, leaders and similar ornamental or structural features may
project not more than 18 inches into any required setback.
Roofs that project into a required yard shall have a maximum roof
pitch of 12 inches vertical rise in 12 inches of horizontal run.
(1)
No residential roofs are permitted with less than a four-inch
vertical rise in a twelve-inch horizontal run, other than ornamental
architectural features.
(2)
C.
D. Fences and retaining walls, where specifically permitted in this chapter.
Freestanding flagpoles, television antennas and radio aerial masts,
children's playground equipment, outdoor fireplaces and yard clothes
lines and posts must be set back at least 10 feet from any property line.
Except for freestanding flagpoles, such structures shall not be located
in the front yard.
E.
§ 277-13 LINWOOD CODE § 277-14
228:198
§ 277-15. Driveways and parking areas.
Driveways and parking areas shall be paved, concrete or paver block/brick;
use of loose stone, shells, or unfinished dirt driveways and parking areas
shall not be permitted.
§ 277-16. Lot frontage.
Every principal building shall be built upon a lot with the minimum required
frontage upon an approved street which shall be improved in accordance
with the street standards established by the City of Linwood or the
Residential Site Improvement Standards (RSIS), as applicable.
§ 277-17. Principal buildings.
Accessory buildings and uses, including swimming pools, where
specifically permitted in this chapter.
F.
Only one principal building may be erected on a lot except for related
buildings forming one principal use in accordance with an approved
plan, and limited to the following:
(1) Public or institutional building complexes.
Office or retail shopping complexes, or complexes involving mixed
office and retail use.
(2)
(3) Multifamily dwelling complexes.
A.
No new building shall be constructed on or any existing building altered
or moved onto any lot for use as a dwelling when there exists on said
lot a building which is being used for dwelling purposes.
B.
§ 277-14 SMOKING § 277-17
228:199

ARTICLE VII
Nonregistered Vehicles
§ 277-18. Storage restrictions.
No disabled or unregistered vehicles shall be stored in any district except
in an enclosed building. A motor vehicle shall be deemed to be stored if it
has been on the property for a time period of at least 10 days. No motor
vehicle which is on blocks, car campers or any type of lifting device shall
be left unattended unless housed within a garage. No motor vehicle shall be
stored on any surface which is not paved, graveled or stoned unless parked
a minimum of 10 feet from any property line.
§ 277-18 SMOKING § 277-18
228:201

ARTICLE VIII
Parking Under Structures
§ 277-19. Parking restrictions.
No parking shall be permitted underneath any structure or any part of such
structure in any zone in which commercial uses are permitted.
§ 277-19 SMOKING § 277-19
228:203

ARTICLE IX
Other Permitted Uses
§ 277-20. Family day-care homes.
Family day-care homes are permitted as accessory uses in all single-family
residential zones.
§ 277-21. Child-care centers.
§ 277-22. Essential services.
Public utility lines for the transportation, distribution and/or control of
water, electricity, gas, oil, and telephone communications, and their
supporting members, other than buildings and structures, including pipes,
shall not be required to be located on a lot, nor shall this chapter be
interpreted to prohibit the use of a property in any zone for the above uses.
For purposes of this provision, wireless communications facilities shall not
be deemed an essential service.
§ 277-23. Temporary offices; permit fee.
Trailers or mobile structures used as temporary offices, workshops or for
the storage of equipment and materials in connection with permitted
construction of new buildings or structures, may be temporarily permitted
on the same site during the actual period of construction. The Construction
Official or his designee shall issue a temporary permit. Such structure shall
not be located so as to be detrimental to any adjoining property and shall be
removed from the site prior to the issuance of a certificate of occupancy for
the permitted construction project or building. The municipal permit fee for
temporary offices, workshops, etc. shall be $100.
§ 277-24. Community residences.
Community residences for the developmentally disabled, community
shelters for victims of domestic violence, community residences for the
terminally ill and community residences for persons with head injuries shall
be permitted in all residential districts, and the requirements shall be the
same as for single-family dwelling units located within such districts.
A. Child-care centers are permitted uses in all nonresidential zones.
The floor area occupied in any building or structure as a child-care
center shall be excluded in calculating:
Any parking requirement otherwise applicable to that number of
units or amount of floor space, as appropriate, under state or local
laws or regulations adopted thereunder; and
(1)
The permitted density allowable for that building or structure. New
buildings shall comply with City parking standards.
(2)
B.
§ 277-20 SMOKING § 277-24
228:205

ARTICLE X
Uses and Supplemental Standards
For convenient reference, the standards memorialized in this chapter are
summarized in tabular form and are attached hereto in Schedules A-1, A-2
and B.23 To the extent there is any discrepancy between these Schedules
and this article, the provisions of this article shall prevail.
§ 277-25. Dwelling R-20 Zone (single-family detached residential).
Within any Dwelling R-20 Zone, the following principal and accessory
uses are permitted:
Private single-family dwellings, municipal uses, parks, playgrounds
and other public recreation use, swimming pools, spas/hot tubs,
fences/walls, sheds, flagpoles, TV and radio towers and antennas
(excluding satellite dish antennas), ham radio receiving and
transmitting antennas, gazebos/garden houses, tennis courts and
PODS®.
(1)
Private garages and/or accessory buildings for uses incidental to
the main residence, provided that all are on the same lot.
(2)
A.
Prohibited uses.
Within any Dwelling R-20 Zone, the following uses are prohibited:
(a) Any business or commercial activity.
Any structure or land used in whole or in part for any
industrial, manufacturing, commercial or trade purposes.
(b)
(1)
(2) These restrictions apply equally to rental units.
The enumeration of prohibited uses is by way of example and not
limitation. Any use not expressly permitted shall be considered
prohibited.
(3)
B.
Lot size, coverage and setbacks.
A lot within the Dwelling R-20 Zone shall have a width of at least
100 feet and a depth of at least 125 feet, with a minimum area of
20,000 square feet. Only those portions of the lot actually situate
within the Dwelling R-20 Zone shall be utilized for purposes of
satisfying the aforesaid bulk criteria.
(1)
Coverage.
In a lot within the Dwelling R-20 Zone, principal building
coverage shall not exceed 25% and total lot coverage shall not
exceed 35%.
(a)
(2)
C.
23.Editor's Note: Schedules A-1, A-2 and B are included at the end of this chapter.
§ 277-25 SMOKING § 277-25
228:207
§ 277-26. Dwelling R-15 Zone (single-family detached residential).
Nonconforming lots in the R-20 Zone existing prior to adoption
of this subsection shall have a principal building coverage of
30% of the first 10,000 square feet and 25% of the area in
excess of 10,000 square feet; and a total lot coverage of 40%
of the first 10,000 square feet and 35% of the area in excess of
10,000 square feet.
(b)
The main building or any permitted detached accessory buildings
shall be set back at least 30 feet from the front property line.
(3)
Setback.
The main building shall have a minimum rear yard setback
of 20 feet (or 20% of the lot depth, not to exceed 30 feet,
whichever is greater), and the side yard setback shall be at
least 25 feet.
(a)
Nonconforming lots in the R-20 Zone less than 10,500 square
feet shall have a side yard setback of 10 feet for lots with a
width 100 feet and shall provide one foot of additional setback
(on each side) for each four-foot increase in lot width up to a
maximum of a twenty-five-foot side yard setback.
(b)
(4)
Street frontage. A lot within the Dwelling R-20 Zone shall have a
minimum of 100 feet of frontage on an improved public street.
D.
Height of structures.
The height of the primary structure may not exceed 35 feet from
average grade along the foundation to the highest point or 33 feet
from the base flood elevation if the structure is located in a flood
hazard area (chimneys are excluded). [Amended 9-25-2013 by
Ord. No. 18-2013]
(1)
(2) Primary structures may not exceed 2 1/2 stories.
E.
Landscaping.
Front yard landscaping in the R-20 Zone shall be a minimum
coverage of 65% pervious vegetation (grass, plants, shrubs, trees).
(1)
No street trees in the right-of-way shall be removed for the
construction of any driveway or curb cut without the approval of
the Linwood Shade Tree Commission.
(2)
F.
Within any Dwelling R-15 Zone, the following principal and accessory
uses are permitted:
Private single-family dwellings, municipal uses, parks, playgrounds
and other public recreation use, swimming pools, spas/hot tubs,
fences/walls, sheds, flagpoles, TV and radio towers and antennas
(1)
A.
§ 277-25 LINWOOD CODE § 277-26
228:208
(excluding satellite dish antennas), ham radio receiving and
transmitting antennas, gazebos/garden houses, tennis courts and
PODS®.
Private garages and/or accessory buildings for uses incidental to
the main residence, provided that all are on the same lot.
(2)
Prohibited uses.
Within any Dwelling R-15 Zone, the following uses are prohibited:
(a) Any business or commercial activity.
Any structure or land used in whole or in part for any
industrial, manufacturing, commercial or trade purposes.
(b)
(1)
(2) These restrictions apply equally to rental units.
The enumeration of prohibited uses is by way of example and not
limitation. Any use not expressly permitted shall be considered
prohibited.
(3)
B.
Lot size, coverage and setbacks.
A lot within the Dwelling R-15 Zone shall have a width of at least
100 feet and a depth of at least 100 feet, with a minimum area of
15,000 square feet. Only those portions of the lot actually situate
within the Dwelling R-15 Zone shall be utilized for purposes of
satisfying the aforesaid bulk criteria.
(1)
Coverage.
In a lot within the Dwelling R-15 Zone, principal building
coverage shall not exceed 25% and total lot coverage shall not
exceed 35%.
(a)
Nonconforming lots in the R-15 Zone existing prior to adoption
of this subsection shall have a principal building coverage of
30% of the first 10,000 square feet and 25% of the area in
excess of 10,000 square feet; and a total lot coverage of 40%
of the first 10,000 square feet and 35% of the area in excess of
10,000 square feet.
(b)
(2)
The main building or any permitted detached accessory buildings
shall be set back at least 25 feet from the front property line.
(3)
The main building shall have a minimum rear yard setback of 25
feet (or 20% of the lot depth, whichever is greater, not to exceed 30
feet), and the side yard setback shall be at least 25 feet.
(4)
Nonconforming lots in the R-15 Zone less than 10,500 square feet
shall have a side yard setback of 10 feet for lots with a width of
100 feet and shall provide one foot of additional setback (on each
(5)
C.
§ 277-26 SMOKING § 277-26
228:209
§ 277-27. Dwelling R-10 Zone (single-family detached residential).
side) for each four-foot increase in lot width up to a maximum of a
twenty-five-foot side yard setback.
Street frontage. A lot within the Dwelling R-15 Zone shall have a
minimum of 100 feet of frontage on an improved public street.
D.
Height of structure.
The height of the primary structure may not exceed 35 feet from
average grade along the foundation to the highest point or 33 feet
from the base flood elevation if the structure is located in a flood
hazard area (chimneys are excluded). [Amended 9-25-2013 by
Ord. No. 18-2013]
(1)
(2) Primary structures may not exceed 2 1/2 stories.
E.
Landscaping.
Front yard landscaping in the R-15 Zone shall be a minimum
coverage of 60% pervious vegetation (grass, plants, shrubs, trees).
(1)
No street trees in the right-of-way shall be removed for the
construction of any driveway or curb cut without the approval of
the Linwood Shade Tree Commission.
(2)
F.
Within any Dwelling R-10 Zone, the following principal and accessory
uses are permitted:
Private single-family dwellings, municipal uses, parks, playgrounds
and other public recreation use, swimming pools, spas/hot tubs,
fences/walls, sheds, flagpoles, TV and radio towers and antennas
(excluding satellite dish antennas), ham radio receiving and
transmitting antennas, gazebos/garden houses, tennis courts and
PODS®.
(1)
Private garages and/or accessory buildings for uses incidental to
the main residence, provided that all are on the same lot.
(2)
A.
Prohibited uses.
Within any Dwelling R-10 Zone, the following uses are prohibited:
(a) Any business or commercial activity.
Any structure or land used in whole or in part for any
industrial, manufacturing, commercial or trade purposes.
(b)
(1)
(2) These restrictions apply equally to rental units.
The enumeration of prohibited uses is by way of example and not
limitation. Any use not expressly permitted shall be considered
prohibited.
(3)
B.
§ 277-26 LINWOOD CODE § 277-27
228:210
§ 277-28. Dwelling R10-PL Zone (single-family detached residential
on private lane or drive).
Lot size, coverage and setbacks.
A lot within the Dwelling R-10 Zone shall have a width of at least
100 feet and a depth of at least 100 feet, with a minimum area of
10,000 square feet. Only those portions of the lot actually situate
within the Dwelling R-10 Zone shall be utilized for purposes of
satisfying the aforesaid bulk criteria.
(1)
In a lot within the Dwelling R-10 Zone, principal building coverage
shall not exceed 30% and total lot coverage shall not exceed 40%.
(2)
The main building or any permitted detached accessory buildings
shall be set back at least 20 feet from the front property line.
(3)
The main building shall have a minimum rear yard setback of 20
feet (or 20% of the lot depth, whichever is greater, not to exceed 30
feet), and the side yard setback shall be at least 10 feet.
(4)
Street frontage. A lot within the Dwelling R-10 Zone shall have a
minimum of 100 feet of frontage on an improved public street.
(5)
Height of structure.
The height of the primary structure may not exceed 35 feet
from average grade along the foundation to the highest point
or 33 feet from the base flood elevation if the structure is
located in a flood hazard area (chimneys are excluded).
[Amended 9-25-2013 by Ord. No. 18-2013]
(a)
In the area between the minimum side yard setback and 20
feet from the side yard line, the maximum permissible height
of the structure shall be 25 feet or 23 feet from the base flood
elevation if the structure is located in a flood hazard area.
[Amended 9-25-2013 by Ord. No. 18-2013]
(b)
(c) Primary structures may not exceed two stories.
(6)
C.
Landscaping.
Front yard landscaping in the R-10 Zone shall be a minimum
coverage of 60% pervious vegetation (grass, plants, shrubs, trees).
(1)
No street trees in the right-of-way shall be removed for the
construction of any driveway or curb cut without the approval of
the Linwood Shade Tree Commission.
(2)
D.
Within any Dwelling R10-PL Zone, the following principal and accessory
uses are permitted:
Private single-family dwellings, utilizing private lanes or drives to
provide access to one or more lots.
(1)
A.
§ 277-27 SMOKING § 277-28
228:211
Private garages and/or accessory buildings for uses incidental to
the main residence, provided that all are on the same lot.
(2)
Prohibited uses.
Within any Dwelling R10-PL Zone, the following uses are
prohibited:
(a) Any business or commercial activity.
Any structure or land used in whole or in part for any
industrial, manufacturing, commercial or trade purposes.
(b)
(1)
(2) These restrictions apply equally to rental units.
The enumeration of prohibited uses is by way of example and not
limitation. Any use not expressly permitted shall be considered
prohibited.
(3)
B.
Within the R10-PL Zone, the minimum lot size shall be 10,000 square
feet.
C.
Coverage and setbacks.
(1) Maximum principal building coverage shall be 30%.
(2) Maximum total lot coverage shall not exceed 40%.
(3) Minimum front yard setback shall be 20 feet.
Minimum rear yard setback shall be 20 feet or 20% of the lot depth
up to a maximum of 30 feet, whichever is greater.
(4)
(5) Minimum side yard setback shall be 10 feet.
(6) Minimum lot depth shall be 100 feet.
(7) Minimum road frontage shall be 75 feet.
(8) Minimum width shall be 75 feet.
Maximum height of structure.
The height of the primary structure may not exceed 35 feet
from average grade along the foundation to the highest point
or 33 feet from the base flood elevation if the structure is
located in a flood hazard area (chimneys are excluded).
[Amended 9-25-2013 by Ord. No. 18-2013]
(a)
In the area between the minimum side yard setback and 20
feet from the side yard line, the maximum permissible height
of the structure shall be 25 feet or 23 feet from the base flood
elevation if the structure is located in a flood hazard area.
[Amended 9-25-2013 by Ord. No. 18-2013]
(b)
(9)
D.
§ 277-28 LINWOOD CODE § 277-28
228:212
§ 277-29. Dwelling R-SR Zone (single-family detached - shore road
residential).
(c) Primary structures may not exceed two stories.
(10)Lanes and/or private drives shall have a minimum width of 25 feet.
Not more than six residences or lots may be serviced by any single
private lane.
Private lanes and/or drives shall be constructed with a six-inch
gravel base with two inches of FABC paving.
(a)
Ownership of private lanes and/or drives shall be maintained
jointly by those being serviced by the lane or private drive.
(b)
Responsibility for the maintenance and/or improvements of the
private lane or drive lays with the owners of said private lane
or drive.
(c)
Municipal services will be provided so long as there is
adequate turnaround for City vehicles and so long as the lane
or drive is properly maintained.
(d)
All lanes and private drives (except those servicing one lot)
shall have an adequate turnaround for emergency vehicles.
(e)
Inspections.
Periodic inspections of all private lanes and/or drives shall
be conducted by the Engineer of the City of Linwood (or
his/her designee) and recommendations shall be made by
said Engineer to City Council regarding any necessary
maintenance or improvements.
[1]
The expense incurred by the City to perform any necessary
maintenance, inspections, or improvements shall be
assessed upon the owner(s) of the lane or private drive.
[2]
(f)
(11)
Landscaping.
Front yard landscaping in the R10-PL Zone shall be a minimum
coverage of 60% pervious vegetation (grass, plants, shrubs, trees).
(1)
No street trees in the right-of-way shall be removed for the
construction of any driveway or curb cut without the approval of
the Linwood Shade Tree Commission.
(2)
E.
Within any Dwelling R-SR Zone, the following principal and accessory
uses are permitted:
Private single-family dwellings, municipal uses, parks, playgrounds
and other public recreation use, swimming pools, spas/hot tubs,
fences/walls, sheds, flagpoles, TV and radio towers and antennas
(1)
A.
§ 277-28 SMOKING § 277-29
228:213
(excluding satellite dish antennas), ham radio receiving and
transmitting antennas, gazebos/garden houses, tennis courts and
PODS®.
Private garages and/or accessory buildings for uses incidental to
the main residence, provided that all are on the same lot.
(2)
Prohibited uses.
Within any Dwelling R-SR Zone, the following uses are prohibited:
(a) Any business or commercial activity.
Any structure or land used in whole or in part for any
industrial, manufacturing, commercial or trade purposes.
(b)
(1)
(2) These restrictions apply equally to rental units.
The enumeration of prohibited uses is by way of example and not
limitation. Any use not expressly permitted shall be considered
prohibited.
(3)
B.
Lot size, coverage and setbacks.
A lot within the Dwelling R-SR Zone shall have a width of at least
100 feet and a depth of at least 125 feet, with a minimum area of
15,000 square feet. Only those portions of the lot actually situate
within the Dwelling R-SR Zone shall be utilized for purposes of
satisfying the aforesaid bulk criteria.
(1)
Coverage.
In a lot within the Dwelling R-SR Zone, principal building
coverage shall not exceed 25% and total lot coverage shall not
exceed 35%.
(a)
Nonconforming lots in the R-SR Zone existing prior to adoption
of this subsection shall have a principal building coverage of
30% of the first 10,000 square feet and 25% of the area in
excess of 10,000 square feet; and a total lot coverage of 40%
of the first 10,000 square feet and 35% of the area in excess of
10,000 square feet.
(b)
(2)
The main building or any permitted detached accessory buildings
shall be set back at least 30 feet or the prevailing setback
(whichever is greater) from the front property line.
(3)
Setbacks.
The main building shall have a minimum rear yard setback of
25 feet (or 20% of the lot depth, whichever is greater, not to
exceed 30 feet), and the side yard setback shall be at least 20
feet.
(a)
(4)
C.
§ 277-29 LINWOOD CODE § 277-29
228:214
§ 277-30. Dwelling RT Zone (multifamily residential).
Nonconforming lots in the R-SR Zone of less than 10,500
square feet existing prior to the adoption of this subsection
shall have a side yard setback of 10 feet on lots with a width of
100 feet or less and shall provide one foot of additional setback
(on each side) for each four-foot increase in lot width up to a
maximum requirement of a twenty-five-foot side yard setback.
(b)
Street frontage. A lot within the Dwelling R-SR Zone shall have a
minimum of 100 feet of frontage on an improved public street.
D.
Height of structure.
The height of the primary structure may not exceed 35 feet from
average grade along the foundation to the peak of the roof or 33
feet from the base flood elevation if the structure is located in a
flood hazard area (chimneys are excluded). [Amended 9-25-2013
by Ord. No. 18-2013]
(1)
(2) Primary structures may not exceed 2 1/2 stories.
E.
Landscaping.
Front yard landscaping in the R-SR Zone shall be a minimum
coverage of 60% pervious vegetation (grass, plants, shrubs, trees).
(1)
No street trees in the right-of-way shall be removed for the
construction of any driveway or curb cut without the approval of
the Linwood Shade Tree Commission.
(2)
F.
Within any Dwelling RT Zone, the following uses are permitted:
Private single-family dwellings, multifamily dwellings, municipal
uses, parks, playgrounds and other public recreation use,
swimming pools, spas/hot tubs, fences/walls, sheds, flagpoles, TV
and radio towers and antennas (excluding satellite dish antennas),
ham radio receiving and transmitting antennas, gazebos/garden
houses, tennis courts and PODS®.
Single-family residences in the RT Zone shall comply with all
of the bulk requirements of the R-10 Zone.
(a)
(1)
(2) Townhome and/or duplex family residences.
Private garages and/or accessory buildings for uses incidental to
the main residence, provided that all are on the same lot.
(3)
A.
Prohibited uses.
Within any Dwelling RT Zone, the following uses are prohibited:
(a) Any business or commercial activity.
(1)
B.
§ 277-29 SMOKING § 277-30
228:215
§ 277-31. Business Zone.
The following shall apply to the Business Zone:
Any structure or land used in whole or in part for any
industrial, manufacturing, commercial or trade purposes.
(b)
(2) These restrictions apply equally to rental units.
Townhomes and/or duplex family residences within the RT Zone shall
comply with the following bulk requirements:
(1) Minimum lot area shall be no less than 15,000 square feet.
(2) Minimum front yard setback shall be 25 feet.
Minimum rear yard setback shall be 25 feet or 20% of the lot depth,
whichever is greater.
(3)
(4) Minimum side yard setbacks shall be 10 feet.
(5) Minimum road frontage shall be 100 feet.
(6) Minimum lot depth shall be 100 feet.
(7) Minimum lot width shall be 100 feet.
(8) Maximum building coverage shall be 30%.
(9) Maximum total lot coverage shall be 40%.
The height of the primary structure may not exceed 35 feet from
average grade along the foundation to the peak of the roof or 33
feet from the base flood elevation if the structure is located in a
flood hazard area (chimneys are excluded). [Amended 9-25-2013
by Ord. No. 18-2013]
(10)
In the area between the minimum side yard setback and 20 feet
from the side yard line, the maximum permissible height of the
structure shall be 25 feet or 23 feet from the base flood elevation
if the structure is located in a flood hazard area. [Amended
9-25-2013 by Ord. No. 18-2013]
(11)
(12)Primary structures may not exceed two stories.
C.
Permitted uses.
Within any Business Zone, no building, structure or land shall
be used, and no building or structure shall be erected which is
arranged, intended or designed for any use other than the
following:
(a) A restaurant, other than fast-food service.
(b) A professional, business, bank, financial or brokerage office.
(1)
A.
§ 277-30 LINWOOD CODE § 277-31
228:216
Retail sale of goods and services, but not including the sale of
motor fuels or auto service station.
(c)
A personal service establishment, such as, but not limited to, a
tailor shop, barbershop or beauty or nail salon.
(d)
(e) A medical or dental clinic.
A studio, such as, but not limited to, art, dance, gymnastic,
music; an art gallery.
(f)
(g) A theater or auditorium.
A repair shop for common household and office items
employing not more than four persons.
(h)
A library; a church; a public service facility related to the
function of a local, state or federal government.
(i)
(j) A day nursery.
A pet shop, veterinary hospital or grooming establishment,
provided that the entire facility is located within a fully
enclosed air-conditioned and soundproof building and further
provided that said use does not include boarding kennels.
(k)
Nursing homes:
[1] Congregate care.
[2] Assisted living.
(l)
(m) Funeral homes. [Added 12-14-2011 by Ord. No. 19-2011]
Specifically excluded from any Business Zone is any residential
use; any use for storage, industrial or manufacturing purposes,
except as set forth herein; any gasoline filling station, garage or
automotive repair shop.
(2)
Up to 50% of the floor area of any permitted building in the
Business Zone may be used for storage of merchandise to be sold
at retail.
(3)
A buffer area of not less than 30 feet in width shall be required
within the front, rear and side yard setbacks. The front buffer area
shall be used exclusively for landscaping, signs and access. Side
and rear buffer areas shall be used exclusively for landscaping and
screening.
(4)
Any principal building shall have a first floor area of at least 4,000
square feet, exclusive of related accessory structures.
(5)
Lot size, coverage and setbacks.
(1) Minimum tract size: five acres.
B.
§ 277-31 SMOKING § 277-31
228:217
§ 277-32. Dwelling PRD Zone - planned residential development.
(2) Minimum perimeter buffer: 40 feet.
(3) Maximum building height: 40 feet.
(4) Minimum setbacks: 40 feet.
(5) Maximum building coverage: 35%.
(6) Maximum total coverage: 70%.
Within any Business Zone, no building structure or land shall be used,
and no building or structure shall be erected which is arranged,
intended or designed for the following:
(1) All residential uses.
(2) Tattoo sales and services.
(3) Laundromat.
C.
Consistent with sound planning principles for larger planned
residential developments, higher density, small lot development is
permitted in the Planned Residential Development Zone only if the
proposed development meets specific criteria dealing with site size,
buffers and other standards.
A.
Specific objectives of the Planned Residential Development Zone are
the following:
(1) To conserve larger parcels of land for future use.
To allow a wide range of uses and even a mixture of uses within the
same development.
(2)
(3) To encourage cohesive design of planned developments.
To assure quality development which respects the community
environment, character and scale.
(4)
B.
Principal permitted uses.
R-10 Zone uses, provided that each meets the requirements of the
R-10 Zone regulations.24
(1)
RT Zone uses, provided that each meets the requirements of the RT
Zone regulations.25
(2)
R-15 Zone uses, provided that each meets the requirements of the
R-15 Zone regulations.26
(3)
C.
24.Editor's Note: See § 277-27.
25.Editor's Note: See § 277-30.
26.Editor's Note: See § 277-26.
§ 277-31 LINWOOD CODE § 277-32
228:218
§ 277-33. Conservation Zone.
§ 277-34. Recreation ROP Zone — recreation open space.
The following shall apply in the Recreation ROP Zone:
Standards.
Any building used for dwelling zone purposes shall conform to the
minimum requirements of the R-10 Zone.
(1)
D.
In any zone in which there is application for development with respect
to a lot partially located in the Conservation Zone, notwithstanding any
other provision in the municipal land use ordinances to the contrary,
for purposes of compliance with bulk requirements and setbacks, all
calculations shall be based entirely upon portion of the lot which
constitutes uplands, inclusive of redevelopment areas.
A.
This determination of the conservation line shall be as established by
the Department of Environmental Protection of the State of New Jersey,
to be confirmed by the Municipal Engineer.
B.
Use regulations. No building or structure shall be erected and no
building, structure or land shall be used for any purpose other than the
following:
(1) All those uses specifically permitted in the Conservation Zone.
Publicly or privately maintained recreational open space facilities,
such as golf courses, tennis, basketball and hockey courts,
swimming pools, ball fields, woodland trails, bicycle trails,
playgrounds and picnic areas.
(2)
A.
Objectives. It is the intention of this chapter to restrict the development
of the Recreation Open Space Zone so as to prevent further
deterioration, marring and/or destruction of these lands and to ensure
the preservation of the recreational open space resources of the City of
Linwood for the benefit and enjoyment of its citizens.
B.
Lot size, coverage and setbacks. The lot size, coverage and setback
provisions of § 277-38 shall apply to any building or structure in the
Recreation Open Space Zone.
C.
Site plan review required. Before a construction permit or certificate
of occupancy can be issued for any use, other than a Dwelling A or
Dwelling B within the Recreation Open Space Zone, site plans for such
use shall be submitted to the Linwood Planning Board, pursuant to
N.J.S.A. 40:55D-76, for its approval in the same manner and according
to the same requirements as contained in § 277-38 of this chapter.
[Amended 4-11-2018 by Ord. No. 6-2018]
D.
§ 277-32 SMOKING § 277-35
228:219
§ 277-35. Institutional I Zone.
The following shall apply to the Institutional I Zone:
§ 277-36. Redevelopment Zone.
Pursuant to the local Redevelopment and Housing Law, N.J.S.A. 40A:12A-1
et seq., as amended and supplemented, Linwood has undertaken a program
for the redevelopment of certain property. The City has designated certain
parcels as areas in need of redevelopment through the adoption of
Resolution No. 197 of 2002 on August 14, 2002. Pursuant to a
recommendation duly made by the Planning Board on September 15, 2003,
the governing body adopted Resolution No. 260 of 2003, declaring the
parcels areas in need of redevelopment. On October 27, 2004, the
governing body adopted Ordinance No. 20 of 2004, adopting the
Redevelopment Plan, and thereafter on November 21, 2005, the governing
body approved a Redevelopment Agreement by Ordinance No. 18 of 2005.
The land use controls for the Redevelopment Zone are embodied in the
Redevelopment Plan, the Redevelopment Agreement and the various
ordinances pertaining to same as amended and supplemented from time to
time.
§ 277-37. Off-street parking.
No building or structure shall be erected and no building, structure or
land shall be used for any purpose other than the following:
(1) All those uses specifically permitted in the Conservation Zone.
All those uses specifically permitted in the Recreation Open Space
Zone.
(2)
(3) Places of worship, parish houses, convents and cemeteries.
(4) Schools and institutions of higher learning.
(5) Public buildings of a governmental or cultural nature.
A.
Lot size, coverage and setbacks. The lot size, coverage and setback
provisions of § 277-38 shall apply to any building or structure in the
Institutional Zone.
B.
Minimum required off-street parking schedule for nonresidential uses.
The number of off-street parking spaces required for any nonresidential
use shall be determined by reference to Parking Schedule I below.
Unscheduled uses. Off-street parking requirements for uses not
listed in Parking Schedule I shall be established by the Board,
based upon accepted industry standards.
(1)
Combined uses. In the case of a combination of uses, the offstreet
parking requirement shall consist of the sum of the spaces
(2)
A.
§ 277-35 LINWOOD CODE § 277-37
228:220
required for each individual use unless it can be demonstrated that
staggered hours would permit modification.
Fractional spaces. Whenever the application of Parking Schedule I
standards results in the requirements of a major fraction of a space
in excess of 0.5, a full space shall be required.
Parking Schedule I
Parking Requirements for Nonresidential Uses
Use Required Parking Spaces
Banks and financial institutions 1 for each 300 square feet of
building area or 5 per teller,
whichever is greater
Offices 1 per 200 square feet of
building area
Medical offices 1 per 150 square feet of
building area
Outdoor recreation:
Court games 4 per court
Other 1 per 150 square feet of
assemblage space
Houses of worship, community
buildings, social halls and places
of indoor public assembly
1 for each 3 seats (60-inch
pew). Where the specific
amount of seating is
undetermined, then 1 parking
space shall be required for
each 75 square feet of
assemblage area.
Restaurant (Note: Take-out
components of restaurants shall
add one additional space for each
25 square feet of take-out service
area.)
1 for each 2.5 seats
Retail uses not separately listed
(Note: Retail uses such as delis,
bakeries and coffee shops with onsite
seating shall add one
additional space for every three
seats.)
5 per 1,000 square feet of
building area
Educational facility:
Elementary and intermediate
school
1 per employee
Secondary school 1 per employee plus 1 per
each 5 students in grades 11
and 12
(3)
§ 277-37 SMOKING § 277-37
228:221
Parking Schedule I
Parking Requirements for Nonresidential Uses
Use Required Parking Spaces
Post-secondary and other
educational facility
1 per employee plus 2 per
each 3 full-time students and
1 for each 5 part-time
students
Nursing homes 1 per bed
Minimum required off-street parking schedule for residential uses. The
number of off-street parking spaces required for residential uses shall
be determined pursuant to N.J.A.C. 5:21, as amended, and by reference
to Parking Schedule II below. Alternative parking standards to those
shown in the schedule below shall be accepted if the applicant
demonstrates these standards better reflect local conditions. Factors
affecting minimum number of parking spaces include household
characteristics, availability of mass transit, urban versus suburban
location and available off-site parking sources.
Parking Schedule II (Note a)
Parking Requirements for Residential Land Uses
Housing Unit Type/Size Required Parking Spaces
Single-family detached:
2-bedroom 1.5
3-bedroom 2.0
4-bedroom 2.5 (Note c)
5-bedroom 3.0
Garden apartment (Note b):
1-bedroom 1.8
2-bedroom 2.0 (Note c)
3-bedroom 2.1
Townhouse (Note b):
1-bedroom 1.8
2-bedroom 2.3 (Note c)
3-bedroom 2.4
Retirement community Values shall be commensurate
with the most appropriate housing
type and size noted above that the
retirement community resembles
Assisted living 0.5 (Note d)
B.
§ 277-37 LINWOOD CODE § 277-37
228:222
§ 277-38. Nonconforming uses, structures and lots.
Notes:
a. As amended from time to time.
b. Requirements for attached units (apartment/condominium/
townhouse) include provisions for guest parking.
c. If applicant does not specify the number of bedrooms per unit,
this parking requirement shall apply.
d. The Board may grant waivers and exceptions where appropriate.
A one-car garage and driveway combination shall count as two offstreet
parking spaces, provided the driveway measures a minimum
of 18 feet in length between the face of the garage door and
the right-of-way. A two-car garage and driveway combination shall
count as 3.5 off-street parking spaces, provided a minimum parking
area width of 20 feet is provided for a minimum length of 18 feet as
specified for a one-car garage and driveway combination.
(1)
When housing is included in mixed-use development, a shared
parking approach to the provision of parking may be permitted.
(2)
When, in the judgment of the Board, on-street parking is available,
then only that proportion of the parking requirement which is
not available on the street shall be provided in off-street parking
facilities. A length of 23 feet per on-street parking space shall
be used in calculating the number of available on-street parking
spaces.
(3)
For projects containing dwelling units required by the New Jersey
Uniform Construction Code's Barrier Free Subcode (N.J.A.C.
5:23-7), to be accessible, parking spaces for people with disabilities
shall be provided in accordance with the requirements of the
Barrier Free Subcode and shall be considered part of the total
number of required spaces.
(4)
Continuance of existing nonconforming uses and structures. Any
nonconforming use or structure which lawfully existed at the time of
the passage of this article may be continued, and any existing legally
nonconforming building or structure may be reconstructed or
structurally altered, but only in accordance with the requirements of
this article.
A.
Alteration, extension or enlargement of nonconforming use or
structure.
A nonconforming use of any building, structure or land shall not
be increased, enlarged, extended or changed in any manner
whatsoever.
(1)
B.
§ 277-37 SMOKING § 277-38
228:223
No building in which a nonconforming use exists shall be enlarged,
extended or structurally altered in any manner; provided, however,
that:
Nothing herein shall prevent the repair and maintenance of
any building wherein there exists a nonconforming use,
provided that such maintenance and repair does not in any way
constitute or result in a further extension of a nonconforming
use.
(a)
Minor alterations and improvements which do not constitute
or require structural changes may be made in or to a building
wherein a nonconforming use exists, provided that such
nonconforming use will not be increased, extended or enlarged
thereby.
(b)
Nothing herein shall prevent the strengthening or restoration
to a safe and lawful condition of any part of any building which
is nonconforming.
(c)
(2)
Structural alterations, internal rearrangements and renovations
may be made in a building or structure which is nonconforming
because it fails to comply with height, area, yard, off-street parking
or other like requirements of this article, other than use, so long
as the structural alteration or increase, internal rearrangement or
renovation does not extend or enlarge the nonconformance of said
building or structure.
(3)
A nonconforming use changed or altered to a conforming use may
not thereafter be changed back to a nonconforming use.
(4)
Any nonconforming use, building or structure, other than a singlefamily
detached dwelling on an undersized lot, which shall be more
than 50% damaged by reason of windstorm, fire, explosion or other
act of God or man shall be deemed completely destroyed and the use,
building or structure may not be reestablished, rebuilt, restored or
repaired except in conformity with this chapter. For single-family homes
on undersized lots which shall be destroyed as described above, said
structures may be reconstructed, provided that no aspect of the new or
rebuilt structure increases any nonconformity of the original structure
or causes any new nonconformity with this chapter.
C.
Restoration of existing buildings or structures nonconforming for
reasons other than use. Whenever a building is nonconforming because
it fails to comply with any height, area, yard, off-street parking or
requirements of this article, other than use, and such building is
partially destroyed, such building may be restored to its prior condition;
provided, however, that such restoration shall not enlarge the
previously existing nonconformance.
D.
Nonconforming improved lot. When an improved lot in a residential
zone exists as a separate isolated lot under separate ownership and
E.
§ 277-38 LINWOOD CODE § 277-38
228:224
§ 277-39. Outside stairways.
Within any residential zone, no outside steps or outside stairway extending
above the first or ground floor of any building or structure shall be
constructed or permitted.
§ 277-40. Split-zoned lots.
A Conservation Zone has been established within the municipality so as to
prevent deterioration, marring and/or destruction of wetlands and to ensure
the preservation of this environmentally vital, ecologically sensitive natural
resource. Those properties situate in the municipality which are partially
within and partially outside of the wetlands (i.e., split-zoned lots) present
particular and unique problems which must be addressed in order that
development thereof will minimize damage to the wetlands and impairment
of the Comprehensive Zoning Plan of the City of Linwood. Accordingly, it is
the purpose of these regulations to maintain the integrity of the Zone Plan
by preventing the creation of substandard lots with an irregularly shaped
and undersized effective building area, to minimize drainage problems
and to prevent, as far as practicable and reasonable, damage to fragile
does not adjoin any vacant land or vacant lot of the same owner, and
which said improved lot is nonconforming due to size, shape, area or
setback, any existing residential building or structure on the lot may be
further improved, provided that:
The number of dwelling units shall not be increased even if such
increased number of dwelling units are allowed in the zone, unless
approved by the Planning Board. [Amended 4-11-2018 by Ord.
No. 6-2018]
(1)
Any existing nonconforming setbacks from streets, side lot lines or
rear lot lines shall not be made more nonconforming including any
vertical additions of any type.
(2)
Any existing and proposed improvement on the nonconforming
improved lot shall not exceed the percentage of maximum building
coverage set forth in Schedule B.27
(3)
Any existing and proposed improvement on the nonconforming
improved lot shall conform to all other zone standards, including
off-street parking.
(4)
No nonconforming lot shall be made more nonconforming through
subdivision, resubdivision or any such other action. Where two or more
contiguous, nonconforming lots are in common ownership, these lots
shall be considered combined for the purposes of meeting the
requirements of this chapter. Such combined lots shall not be
subdivided or resubdivided except in conformance with this chapter.
F.
27.Editor's Note: Schedule B is included at the end of this chapter.
§ 277-38 SMOKING § 277-40
228:225
wetlands. The municipality specifically recognizes and takes note of the
fact that the wetlands are subject to comprehensive regulations by federal
and state agencies and adopts this regulation to provide an appropriate
transition from the uplands area by establishing additional standards and
regulations applicable to lots presenting a split-zoned configuration.
Therefore, in any zone in the City of Linwood in which there is application
for development with respect to a lot partially situate in a Conservation
Zone, notwithstanding any other provision in the municipal land use
ordinances to the contrary, for purposes of compliance with bulk
requirements and setbacks, all calculations shall be based entirely upon
that portion of the lot which constitutes uplands.
§ 277-40.1. Accessory apartments. [Added 8-8-2018 by Ord. No.
12-2018]
Definition: "Accessory apartment" means a self-contained residential
dwelling unit with a kitchen, sanitary facilities, sleeping quarters and a
private entrance, which is created within an existing home, or through
the conversion of an existing accessory structure on the same site, or
by an addition to an existing home or accessory building, or by the
construction of a new accessory structure on the same site.
A.
Conditions for accessory apartments as conditionally permitted uses:
Conditions. Accessory apartments shall meet the following
conditions:
The application submitted to the Construction Office shall
include the following:
[1] Name and address of owner.
Name, address, income verification of the proposed
occupant of the accessory unit (if known).
[2]
[3] Floor plan of sketch.
[4] Current property survey.
(a)
(b) Accessory apartments shall be allowed in all residential zones.
The minimum lot size and dimensional requirements shall be in
accordance with the zone in which the property is located for
accessory apartments constructed in new dwellings.
(c)
Accessory apartments may be created within existing singlefamily
residences or accessory buildings, provided there is no
expansion of the existing structure's exterior outline.
(d)
There shall be no more than one accessory apartment per
single-family dwelling on each lot.
(e)
(1)
B.
§ 277-40 LINWOOD CODE § 277-40.1
228:226
The structures shall be in full compliance with all applicable
health and construction codes.
(f)
Construction of accessory apartments shall be in full
compliance with all applicable environmental regulations
including Linwood City's Stormwater Management
Ordinance.28
(g)
Each accessory apartment shall be a minimum of 500 square
feet. It may not occupy more than 35% of the total square
footage of the house.
(h)
Each accessory apartment shall have a minimum of two rooms
and provide living, sleeping, cooking and bathroom facilities.
Direct access to the outside or a hall with direct access to the
outside shall be provided. The access door shall not alter the
character of the exterior facade of the house.
(i)
The occupant shall meet the established income limitations of
the low- or moderate-income guidelines for Linwood.
(j)
The owner shall submit an affidavit of continuing use every two
years to the Linwood City Clerk.
(k)
Parking shall be consistent with the parking requirements of
Linwood.
(l)
Linwood acknowledges the need to provide its fair share of
housing for low- and moderate-income households. Any
property owner applying for an accessory apartment under
this section shall affirmatively demonstrate that the accessory
apartment is to be rented to and occupied by households
meeting COAH's and UHAC's affordable housing criteria.
(m)
Accessory apartment rents shall be consistent with COAH and
UHAC rules. The following minimum subsidies shall be offered
for the creation of an accessory apartment: $35,000 for a verylow-
income apartment, $25,000 for a low-income apartment
and $20,000 for a moderate-income apartment.
(n)
Ten-year affordability controls shall be imposed via a deed
restriction or other instrument acceptable to the City Attorney
and the court.
(o)
In the event that the accessory apartment is located in a
structure which is detached from the primary residence, the
property owner shall explicitly affirm via deed restriction that
the property may not be further subdivided to separate the
accessory apartment and any associated land as a new building
lot unless such subdivision can be accomplished in full
(p)
28.Editor's Note: See Ch. 238, Stormwater Management.
§ 277-40.1 SMOKING § 277-40.1
228:227
§ 277-40.2. Minimum set-aside of affordable housing units.29
[Added 8-8-2018 by Ord. No. 13-2018]
Any multifamily residential development or redevelopment that will contain
five or more dwelling units shall comply with the following:
accordance with Linwood City's density requirements,
minimum setbacks, dimensional requirements, and all other
applicable subdivision constraints.
The property owner shall demonstrate that required deed
restrictions are properly filed with the Atlantic County Clerk's
Office prior to issuance of zoning or building permits.
(q)
If, following completion of the ten-year affordability controls
period, an accessory apartment constructed in accordance
with this section of the Linwood City Zoning Ordinance is
no longer subject to court requirements or restrictions, the
apartment shall be considered a permitted conditional use
subject to the remaining conditions established within this
section.
(r)
Accessory apartments shall be affirmatively marketed with
random selection of the occupants.
(s)
Illegal accessory apartments. An illegal accessory apartment shall be
eligible for credit if the illegal accessory apartment meets the
conditions in Subsection B above. The monetary contribution for a new
accessory apartment is not required for an illegal accessory apartment
to become eligible for credit. An existing occupant in an illegal
accessory apartment may be permitted to remain in the apartment
provided that when that occupant leaves the accessory apartment the
apartment shall be affirmatively marketed with random selection of the
occupants, and the ten-year affordability control period shall only begin
upon reoccupancy of the apartment after this marketing process.
C.
A minimum of 15% of the total number of units shall be set aside as
affordable housing units if the affordable units will be for rent. If the
calculation of the total number of affordable units required yields a
fraction of less than 0.5, then either a pro-rated payment in lieu or
one additional unit shall be provided. If the calculation of the total
number of affordable units required yields a fraction greater than 0.5,
the obligation shall be rounded up and the additional unit shall be
provided.
A.
A minimum of 20% of the total number of units shall be set aside as
affordable housing units if the affordable units will be for sale. If the
calculation of the total number of affordable units required yields a
fraction of less than 0.5, then either a pro-rated payment in lieu or one
B.
29.Editor's Note: See also § 277-40.3, Affordable housing.
§ 277-40.1 LINWOOD CODE § 277-40.2
228:228
§ 277-40.3. Affordable housing.30 [Added 8-8-2018 by Ord. No.
15-2018]
additional unit shall be provided. If the calculation of the total number
of affordable units required yields a fraction of greater than 0.5, the
obligation shall be rounded up and the additional unit shall be provided.
The provisions of this section shall not apply to residential expansions,
additions, renovations, replacement, or any other type of residential
development that does not result in a net increase in the number of
dwellings of five or more.
C.
At least half of all affordable units shall be affordable to low-income
households, and the remainder may be affordable to moderate-income
households. Within rental developments, at least 13% of the affordable
units shall be affordable to very-low-income households, with the verylow-
income units counted as part of the low-income requirement.
D.
Affordable Overlay Zone I. This zone shall be mixed-use overlay zoning,
which will permit mixed-use development with the first floor required
to be commercial, with up to two stories of residential over commercial.
A.
Affordable Overlay Zone II. This zone shall be mixed-use/residential
zoning, which will permit either mixed-use development with the first
floor commercial and up to two stories of residential over commercial
or residential-only development with up to three stories of residential
uses and no commercial use required.
B.
Both affordable overlay zones will allow development of up to 15
residential units per acre and up to a maximum of up to three stories to
accommodate residential units.
C.
Approval shall be required for the erection or enlargement of all related
accessory structures and prior to issuance of certificates of occupancy
for a change of use. Permitted uses are as follows:
Residential market rate and affordable dwelling units specifically
including multifamily buildings shall be at the density, height and
bulk prescribed herein or in Linwood's Zoning Ordinance and all
amendments thereto. Affordable housing units shall be
constructed, marketed and deed restricted in strict conformance to
Linwood's Affordable Housing Ordinance,31 Council on Affordable
Housing regulations and all requirements contained within the
Uniform Housing Affordability Controls as these documents may be
amended, revised and supplemented.
(1)
Commercial uses as may be permitted under Linwood's Zoning
Ordinance and all amendments thereto.
(2)
D.
30.Editor's Note: See also § 277-40.2 and Ch. 78, Affordable Housing.
31.Editor's Note: See Ch. 78, Affordable Housing.
§ 277-40.2 SMOKING § 277-40.3
228:229
Storage permitted. No person in the affordable housing site zone shall
store, place, deposit, or permit the continuation of storage, placement,
or deposit of, upon any premises, any unregistered motor vehicle or any
machinery, equipment, lumber, building materials or supplies or parts
thereof; provided, however, that unless otherwise prohibited, it shall
not be unlawful to store, place or deposit the foregoing items in a fully
enclosed structure upon such premises. Nothing herein contained shall
be deemed to authorize the erection of a structure or structures not
otherwise authorized to be so erected. All other provisions of § 277-18,
Storage restrictions, shall apply.
E.
F. Prohibited uses. All uses listed in § 277-11 are prohibited.
Performance standards. All uses are subject to performance standards
as set forth in Chapter 277, Zoning, and all other provisions contained
in the Linwood Municipal Code.
G.
Site development plan approval. Site development plan approval, in
accordance with Chapter 41, Land Use Procedures, shall be required
prior to the issuance of construction permits for the erection or
enlargement of all structures and related accessory structures. Such
approval shall also be required prior to the issuance of certificates of
occupancy for a change of use.
H.
The following area and bulk standards are applicable in the Affordable
Overlay Zone I and in the Affordable Overlay Zone II:
Regulations: inclusionary developments.
Lot area 10,000 square feet
Lot frontage 100 feet
Lot depth 100 feet
Minimum required:
Front yard 15 feet
Side yard 6 feet
Rear yard 15 feet
Parking Not permitted in
front yard
Maximum permitted building height
Stories 3
Feet 41
Building coverage (%) 40
(1)
Additional regulations.
In recognition of the requirement to minimize or remove
unnecessary development cost-generating requirements, the
(a)
(2)
I.
§ 277-40.3 LINWOOD CODE § 277-40.3
228:230
following minimum parking standards are applicable in the
affordable overlay zones.
Affordable dwelling unit: 1.25 parking spaces per
dwelling.
[1]
[2] Market-rate dwelling unit: RSIS requirements apply.
All developments constructed within the affordable overlay
zones shall be structured so that no less than 20% of the entire
development are COAH creditworthy units if these units are
to be offered for sale. A rental community shall be required
to have a fifteen-percent affordable housing set-aside. No less
than 50% of all COAH creditworthy units shall be affordable
to low-income households, with 13% of all affordable units
available to very-low-income family households. The balance
can be affordable to moderate-income households.
(b)
Affordable housing in the zones shall be structured so no more
than 20% of the units are studio or one-bedroom units and no
fewer than 20% are three-bedroom units. Bedroom count for
the remainder of the affordable units is at the discretion of the
developer.
(c)
Density for the affordable overlay zones shall be no greater
than 15 units per acre.
(d)
All affordable dwelling units shall be constructed and
maintained in compliance with the requirements of the New
Jersey Council on Affordable Housing, and the Uniform
Housing Affordability Controls before certificates of occupancy
will be issued. The developer shall include all facilities
required by law which are necessary to be maintained by
a COAH certifiable rental or sales unit included as part of
an inclusionary development so that COAH restrictions are
legally enforceable. Furthermore, all such developments shall
conform to the Development Fee Ordinance32 for Affordable
Housing as set forth in the City of Linwood Municipal Code.
(e)
32.Editor's Note: See Ch. 124, Development Fees.
§ 277-40.3 SMOKING § 277-40.3
228:231

ARTICLE XI
Administration and Enforcement
§ 277-41. Interpretation; enforcement; construction permits;
certificates of occupancy.
Interpretation of this chapter. In interpreting and applying the
provisions of this chapter, they shall be held to be the minimum
requirements for the promotion of public safety, convenience and
general welfare.
A.
Enforcement. The provisions of this chapter shall be enforced by the
appointees of the City Council, hereinafter called the "Construction
Official," "Zoning Officer," and "Code Enforcement Officer" (or their
designees).
It shall be the duty of the Construction Official to keep a record
of all applications for construction permits and certificates of
occupancy and a record of all construction permits and certificates
of occupancy issued, with a notation of all special conditions
involved. He shall file and safely keep copies of all plans submitted,
and the same shall form a part of the records of his office and shall
be available for inspection.
(1)
It shall be the duty of the Zoning Officer to review all requests
for applications for permits and certificates of occupancy for
compliance with the ordinances of the City of Linwood.
(2)
In the absence of the Zoning Officer, the Construction Official or
his/her designee may assume the responsibilities of the Zoning
Officer.
(3)
B.
The provisions of this chapter shall further be enforced by an appointee
of the City Council, hereafter called the "Code Enforcement Officer." It
shall be the duty of the Code Enforcement Officer to assist the Zoning
Officer and Construction Official of the City of Linwood with regard to
all of his/her duties and functions as enumerated herein.
C.
Construction permits. Upon completion of a zoning review by the
Zoning Officer, construction permits shall hereafter be secured from
Construction Official prior to the construction, erection or alteration of
any building or structure.
Such zoning reviews shall be granted or denied within 10 business
days from receipt of the written application.
(1)
Such construction permits shall be granted or denied within 20
business days from receipt of the written application therefor.
(2)
D.
Certificates of occupancy. Certificates of occupancy shall hereafter be
secured from the Construction Official. No building or structure
hereafter constructed, erected or altered shall be occupied or used
E.
§ 277-41 SMOKING § 277-41
228:233
§ 277-42. Selling before approval; penalty; suit by City.
§ 277-43. Certificates showing approval; contents.
until a certificate of occupancy has been issued certifying that the
building, structure or use complies with the provisions of this chapter.
Such certificate of occupancy shall be granted or denied within 10
business days from the date of written application therefor.
If, before final subdivision approval has been granted, any person
transfers or sells or agrees to transfer or sell, except pursuant to
an agreement expressly conditioned on final subdivision approval, as
owner or agent, any land which forms a part of a subdivision for which
City approval is required by ordinance pursuant to this Act,33 such
person shall be subject to a penalty not to exceed $1,000, and each lot
disposition so made may be deemed a separate violation.
A.
In addition to the foregoing, the City may institute and maintain a civil
action:
(1) For injunctive relief; and
To set aside and invalidate any conveyance made pursuant to such
a contract of sale if a certificate of compliance has not been issued
in accordance with this chapter.
(2)
B.
In any such action, the transferee, purchaser or grantee shall be
entitled to a lien upon the portion of the land, from which the
subdivision was made that remains in the possession of the developer
or his assigns or successors, to secure the return of any deposits
made or purchase price paid, and also, a reasonable search fee, survey
expense and title closing expense, if any. Any such action must be
brought within two years after the date of the recording of the
instrument of transfer, sale or conveyance of said land or within six
years, if unrecorded.
C.
The prospective purchaser, prospective mortgagee, or any other person
interested in any land which forms part of a subdivision, or which
formed part of such a subdivision three years preceding the effective
date of this Act,34 may apply in writing to the Zoning Officer for the
issuance of a certificate certifying whether or not such subdivision has
been approved by the Planning Board. Such application shall contain a
diagram showing the location and dimension of the land to be covered
by the certificate and the name of the owner thereof.
A.
The Zoning Officer shall make and issue such certificate within 15 days
after the receipt of such written application and the fees therefor. Said
officer shall keep a duplicate copy of each certificate, consecutively
B.
33.Editor's Note: “This Act” refers to the Municipal Land Use Law, N.J.S.A. 40:55D-1 et seq.
34.Editor's Note: “This Act” refers to the Municipal Land Use Law, N.J.S.A. 40:55D-1 et seq.
§ 277-41 LINWOOD CODE § 277-43
228:234
§ 277-44. Right of owner of land covered by certificate.
§ 277-45. Violations and penalties.
numbered, including a statement of the fee charged, in a binder as a
permanent record of his office.
Each such certificate shall be designated a "certificate as to approval of
subdivision of land" and shall certify:
That there exists in the City a duly established Planning Board and
that there is an ordinance controlling subdivision of land adopted
under the authority of this Act.35
(1)
Whether the subdivision, as it relates to the land shown in said
application, has been approved by the Planning Board, and, if so,
the date of such approval and any extensions and terms thereof,
showing that the subdivision of which the lands are a part is a
validly existing subdivision.
(2)
Whether such subdivision, if the same has not been approved, is
statutorily exempt from the requirement of approval as provided in
this Act.36
(3)
C.
Any person who shall acquire for a valuable consideration an interest
in the lands covered by any such certificate of approval of a subdivision
in reliance upon the information therein contained shall hold such
interest free of any right, remedy or action which could be prosecuted
or maintained by the City pursuant to the provisions of this article.
A.
If the zoning officer designated to issue any such certificate fails to
issue the same within 15 days after receipt of an application and the
fees therefor, any person acquiring an interest in the lands described
in such application shall hold such interest free of any right, remedy
or action which could be prosecuted or maintained by the municipality
pursuant to this article.
B.
Any such application addressed to the City Clerk shall be deemed to be
addressed to the proper designated officer and the municipality shall be
bound thereby to the same extent as though the same was addressed to
the designated official.
C.
For each and every violation of the provisions of this chapter, the owner,
owner's agent, contractor or other person interested in any building,
structure or land, who refuses to cease said violation within the time
given to comply by the Construction Official, Zoning Officer or his or
her designee, after written notice has been served upon him, either
by mail or personal service, shall, for each and every violation, be
subject to a fine of not more than $2,000 or imprisonment for a term
A.
35.Editor's Note: “This Act” refers to the Municipal Land Use Law, N.J.S.A. 40:55D-1 et seq.
36.Editor's Note: “This Act” refers to the Municipal Land Use Law, N.J.S.A. 40:55D-1 et seq.
§ 277-43 SMOKING § 277-45
228:235
not to exceed 90 days, or both. Each and every day that such violation
continues after such notice shall be considered a separate and specific
violation of this chapter and not a continuing offense.
The owner of any building or structure, lot or land, or part thereof,
where anything in violation of this chapter shall be placed or shall exist,
and any architect, builder, contractor, agent, person or corporation
employed in connection thereof and who assists in the commission of
such violation, shall each be guilty of a separate offense and upon
conviction thereof each shall be liable to the fine or imprisonment, or
both, specified in Subsection A above.
B.
Nothing in this article shall be construed to limit the City of Linwood's
right to institute and maintain a civil action, from seeking active
injunctive relief or to set aside or invalidate any consequence made
pursuant to a contract of sale.
C.
§ 277-45 LINWOOD CODE § 277-45
228:236
ARTICLE XII
Schedules and Diagrams
[Schedules A-1, A-2 and B, and diagrams applicable to the provisions of
these regulations, are included at the end of this chapter.]
SMOKING § 277-45
228:237