Use a dab of honey to treat a bee sting and a drop of vinegar for a wasp sting.
Mold a poultice of soap, mustard, and bread to draw out the poison of a sting.
Other poultice ingredients include mud, tobacco, dandelion, mullein, honey, and baking soda.
Apply a damp tea bag to a bite or sting to dry the skin and draw out the poison.
Place a slice of raw potato over the sting or bite for poison removal and pain relief. Or try a slice of raw onion in the same manner.
Apply a hair mask of mayonnaise to suffocate the lice. Then comb out the insects and their eggs.
Wash your hair with vinegar to kill lice.
Break a dandelion stem in half and apply the milky liquid inside directly to the wart.
Rub leftover chicken bones on a wart before bed.
Wash your hands in the early morning dew.
Rub a dried bean on the wart. Bury the bean in the ground. In the time it takes for the bean to rot, the wart will be gone. Other similar tales describe the same process with using a piece of raw beef or bacon instead of the bean.
Rub a penny on the wart. If you spend that penny, the wart will return. A similar version involves rubbing the wart with a white rock.
Place a piece of bacon over the injured area overnight. Remove the bacon and splinter in the morning.
Pack a poultice of soap and sugar on the splinter and leave it there overnight. Remove the splinter in the morning. Another version uses a poultice of Epsom salt and water.
Drink a mixture of one tablespoon of honey, one tablespoon of lemon, and one tablespoon of whiskey.
Sip the juice of raw onion.
Swallow a tablespoon of honey to relieve a sore throat.
Put a clove of garlic in both of your socks. As you walk, the garlic juice from the crushed clove will be absorbed into your skin.
Apply a poultice of dried mustard and warm water to the chest overnight or until it dries.
Brew tea made with three cups of water and half-cup of star anise. Simmer for 20 minutes with the lid on the kettle. Then inhale the steam before drinking the tea. Repeat up to four times a day.
Drink raw apple cider vinegar (including the “mother”).
Put earwax on a cold sore to help it heal faster.
Collect the first-morning urine of a pregnant cow. Dab it on the pimples and leave it there for 15 minutes before rinsing. Repeat until pimples are gone.
Another similar version involves rubbing a urine-soaked cloth baby diaper on the pimples.
Put toothpaste on acne spots to help them clear up faster.
Soak a washcloth in vinegar and place it on the affected area for three to five minutes.
Apply the gel from an Aloe Vera plant on the burn.
Place the cut side of a white potato directly on the burn.
Apply egg white to a cooking burn.
Place a slice of tomato on the burned area.
Soak a cloth in strong tea and apply to a burn or sunburn.
Make a poultice of mullein leaves to soothe a burn.
Apply yellow mustard to a burn or make a poultice of dried mustard and vinegar and leave it on overnight.
pply witch hazel to aching muscles.
Make a poultice of Epsom salt and water. Leave it on overnight or until it dries.
Rub butter on bumps and bruises.
Mix mint leaves and aspirin with rubbing alcohol and then apply this paste to sore muscles.
pply witch hazel to aching muscles.
Make a poultice of Epsom salt and water. Leave it on overnight or until it dries.
Rub butter on bumps and bruises.
Mix mint leaves and aspirin with rubbing alcohol and then apply this paste to sore muscles.
ress a whole clove of garlic against the affected gum and tooth.
Peel and then chew the bark of a tickle tongue tree to numb the pain.
Soak feet for in a tub of hot water that has a cup of turpentine mixed into it.
Make a thick paste of green walnut husks and water. Paint the feet with the mixture and let it dry before rinsing.
Place walnut leaves in your shoes.
Soak your feet in warm water mixed with apple cider vinegar and baking soda. Let your feet air dry and then wear clean cotton socks.
Spray feet with bleach. Leave it on for 20 minutes before rinsing.
Urinate on your own feet. Then rinse them.
Eating bananas will help you conceive a boy.
Long labor is the sign that the baby will be a boy.
Too many hot baths can cause infertility in men.
Eat veggies while pregnant and your baby will like them when he/she is older.
Heartburn during pregnancy is another sign of a baby boy.
You can discover an unborn baby’s gender by tying your ring to a string and hanging it over the pregnant woman’s belly. If it swings in a circle, it’s a boy. If it swings back and forth, it’s a girl.
Taking a bath while pregnant can drown the fetus.
Apply cornstarch to the baby’s bottom.
Brown regular flour in a pan or the oven and when it has cooled, apply it to the baby’s bottom.
Place rolled oats in a sock and place it in a bath of warm water before bathing baby.
Apply pure lard to baby’s bottom.
Feed a cold, starve a fever.
Apply salted pork to a boil.
Chew parsley to get rid of garlic breath.
Place a thin slice of onion under a bandage to help draw out the infection.
Eat raisins that have been soaked in gin to ease arthritis pain.
Applying kerosene to the injured area when you step on a nail or shut your fingers in a door can lessen the pain.
To reduce restless leg syndrome, put a few potatoes in bed with you at night.
Apply a mixture of raw eggs and milk to a snake bite.
Chocolate helps relieve premenstrual cramps.
Store a spare pair of metal scissors in the ice chest. To treat a nosebleed, place the cold metal scissors on the individual’s bare back.
Lizard Soup
Deer Antler Velvet
Gogol Mogol
Garlic Tea
Kumquat Syrup
Chicken Soup
Onions and Honey
Ginger and Turmeric Tea
Black Pepper
Hot Sake
Pepper and Juice
Ginger Soup
Apple Cider Vinegar
Hot Toddy
Sniffing an Onion
Snail Syrup
Turnips
Cloves
Salt
Fire cider
Leek and Potato Soup
Congee
Wolf Liver In Wine & Frog Legs In Their Own Juices
Vomiting Up Excess Phlegm
Fried Food
Huge Quantities Of Mustard And Horseradish
Roasted Mice
Milk With Onions In It
Goose Grease & Molasses
Unwashed Lamb's Hair In Brandy